11.

11.2

42.

12.2

13,
13.4

10.2.6 is disclosed to the Recipient Party's or the Recipient Party's Affiliate?s own
personnel under conditions of confidentiality and non-use and then only to the
extent required for the proper performance of this Agreement; or

40.2.7 is in the possession of the Recipient Party at the time the Confidential
Information was disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party or which is independently
developed without reference to any Confidential Information of the Disclosing
Party.

Except as permitted by Section 5 of this Agreement, neither Party shall use the name or
marks of the other in any publicity release, advertising or publicly displayed or
distributed materials without securing the prior written consent of the Party whose name
is to be used. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank reserves the right to refer to you in
Bank's customer fist for its affinity card program for the duration of the Term.

FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be llable to the other for any delay or non-performance of its
obligations under this Agreement arising from any cause beyond its reasonable control
including (without limitation) any of the following: act of God, governmental act, terrorist
act, war, fire, flood, explosion, or civil commotion (each, an ?Event of Force Majeure?),

The Party affected by the Event of Force Majeure shall use all reasonable endeavors to
mitigate the impact of any Event of Force Majeure and to recommence performance of
its obligations under this Agreement as soon as is reasonably practicable. If the
affected Party is unable to perform its obligations by reason of the Event of Force
Majeure for more than eight weeks, the non-defaulting Party may terminate this
Agreement immediately by serving notice on the other to that effect in which event
neither Party shall be liable to the other by reason of such termination, but this shall not
excuse performance of a payment obligation incurred prior to such termination.

AMENDMENT

Bank can amend Schedule 1 to this Agreement at any time by providing you with ninety
(90) days advance notice of the amendment, in the event that a material adverse
change in the interchange revenue payable to Bank in connection with credit card
transactions is implemented by the applicable Card Assocation, either on the initiative
of the Card Association itself or in response to changes to the General Requirements of
Law. If you do not terminate the Program by the expiration of the notice period, you will
be deemend to have accepted any such amendment.

Except as stated in the preceding section of this Agreement, any amendment,

modification, variation, or supplement to this Agreement must be made in writing and
signed by an authorized signatory of each Party.

ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING

You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise make over any part of this Agreement
without Bank?s prior written consent.

Co-branded Card Agreement Page 10 of 20

