15.9 Each Party will bear a pro rata share of all fees, costs and expenses of the mediation,
and notwithstanding any law to the contrary, each Party will bear all the fees, costs and
expenses of its own attorneys, experts and witnesses.

15.10 Nothing in Sections 15.2 to 15.9 (inclusive) shall be construed to prevent any Party from
seeking from a court a temporary restraining order or other temporary or preliminary
relief pending final resolution of a Dispute.

16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

16.1 This Agreement, and the documents referred to in it, constitute the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties and supersedes any previous agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

16.2 Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement, and
the documents referred to in it, it does not rely on, and shall have no remedy in respect
of, any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, promise or assurance
(whether negligently or innocently made) of any person (whether Party to this
Agreement or not) other than as expressly set out in this Agreement.

16.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
17. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

17.1. The parties confirm that this Agreement is for the benefit of the contracting parties only
and shall not confer any benefit on, or be enforceable by a third party.

18. LAW AND JURISDICTION

18.1. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties hereto shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and State of
Missouri, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable choice-of-
law principles.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties or their duly authorized representatives have executed this
Agreement on the date first written above.

Park University, a Missouri nonprofit corporation UMB Bank, n.a.

By:
Dorla\>; Watkins, Vice Presid
Administration

Date: Aefia Date: Lb hi | (e

12

it for Finance and Douglas E. Davis, Vice President

