AFFINITY GROUP AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY GROUP AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?) governs the operation of the Affinity
Card Program (the "?Program?) that UMB Bank, n.a. (?Bank?) is making available Park
University, a Missouri non-profit corporation, organized under the laws of the State of Missouri
(?you?, "your" or the ?Affinity Group?), and includes the contractual provisions governing the
Program. By signing this Agreement, you agree that you are bound by the terms and conditions
in this Agreement.

Summary. The Program enables members of your Affinity Group, its supporters and other
interested members of the general public to apply for Cards issued by the Bank. The Card and
certain other Program marketing materials may include images and logos selected by you that
promote your Affinity Group to its Members. You benefit through the payment by Bank to you of
periodic Rewards as described below.

Agreement. In consideration of the mutual agreements, terms, covenants, representations and
warranties in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the legal sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, you and Bank each agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 In this Agreement (except where the context otherwise requires) the words and
expressions beginning with capital letters shall have the meanings given to them in the
Glossary at the end of this Agreement.

4.2 In this Agreement (except where the context otherwise requires):

1.2.1 the Section headings are included for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement;

1.2.2 use of the singular includes the plural and vice versa and shall not limit the
sense of the words preceding those terms.

1.3 The Schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in
the body of this Agreement and any references to this Agreement include the
Schedules. In any conflict between the body of this Agreement and any Schedule,
these the provisions in the body of the Agreement shall take precedence.

2. BANK OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Bank will provide the following services under this Agreement:

2.1.1 process your application to participate in the Program. If Bank or the Card
Association declines to accept your application, or any Affinity Group Data is
not approved by either of them, Bank will terminate this Agreement as provided
in Section 7.1, and will promptly notify you as provided in Section 9 below;

2.1.2 construct, host and maintain a Hosted Website, which will include your Affinity
Group Content and will allow your Members to obtain information about the
benefits of the Cards via a link from Your Website;

2.1.3. provide a link from the Hosted Website to the Bank?s Website, to allow
applicants to apply for Cards;

