"Brand Features"

"Business Day"

"Business Hours"

"Card"

?Card Association?

?Cardholder?

?Cardholder Agreement?

?Conditions of Acceptance?

?Due Date?

"Effective Date"

?Effective Support Date?

"Eligible Transaction Volume?

?Escalation Procedure"

?Event of Force Majeure?

means the trade marks (whether registered or
unregistered), service marks, logos and other distinctive
brand features that you submit to Bank for use with the
Program, including their look, form, feel and substance.

means any day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a
bank or public holiday in the State of Missouri.

means 9:00 am to 5:30 pm Central Time on Business
Days.

means, a credit card issued by Bank and made available
to a Cardholder which is branded with your Brand
Features and/or Affinity Group Content.

means Visa U.S.A. or such other card association as
Bank shall from time to time notify you during the Term.

means an Applicant in whose name an Account is
established, including a joint accountholder or guarantor
or authorized user thereof.

means an agreement between Bank and a Cardholder
for an extension of credit under an Account, and any
amendments thereto and renewals thereof.

has the meanign set forth in Section 7.1.

the date falling 30 days after the end of a Quarter or, if
such date is not a Business Day, the next following
Business Day.

means the date you accept the terms and conditions of
this Agreement by clicking on the ?I accept the AFFINITY
GROUP AGREEMENT? and clicking the ?Submit? button,
subject to the provisions of Section 7.1 regarding
Conditions of Acceptance.

means the date upon which the Bank Website is made
operational by Bank to the general public.

means all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated using an Account, excluding transactions that
(1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized
transactions, (2) are cash equivalent transactions
(including, without limitation, cash advances, the
purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery
tickets, or casino gaming chips); or (3) constitute the
redemption by Cardholder of rewards earned from Bank
for Card use;

means the procedure set out in Section 15;

has the meaning given to it in Section 11.1.

14
