22

23

24

3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

2.1.6 if Schedule 2 is attached to this Agreement, provide you with Card
Customization Services as set forth therein.

Bank shall underwrite, establish, maintain and service Applications and Accounts in
accordance with Bank's credit criteria, policies and procedures and Cardholder
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time at Bank?s sole discretion,
but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, and in a manner
which is not materially different from or materially less favorable than the manner in
which Bank deals with all similar card applications and accounts.

Bank shall issue Cards under this Program only to residents of the United States.

You acknowledge that Bank and Card Association have the right to approve the use of
Company Content in connection with the operation of the Program (at each entity's
sole discretion). Bank reviews Company Content prior to the commencement of the
Program and periodically throughout the Term to ensure that such Company Content
meets the requirements of this Agreement, including the limitations set forth in Section
4.7. Bank has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if
Bank determines, in its reasonable discretion, that use of any Company Content in
connection with the Program is likely to significantly tarnish Bank?s or the Association?s
image and/or cause substantial harm to Bank's or the Association's Intellectual Property
Rights, and Company fails to take such action as Bank reasonably requires to remedy
such non-conforming use.

REWARDS TO BE PAID BY BANK TO YOU

In consideration of your participation in the Program and the performance of your other
obligations under this Agreement, the Bank shall pay you the Rewards set forth in
Schedule 1 hereto.

Payments of Rewards by Bank to you shall be made in immediately available funds not
later than the Due Date following the end of each Quarter, via automated clearinghouse
credit to a deposit account that you specify. All amounts referred to in this Agreement
shall be paid in US Dollars. You are responsible for any taxes payable on the amount
of your Rewards.

YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

You agree to provide a link from Your Website to the Hosted Website to allow your
Customers to obtain information about the Program and to apply for Cards.

Subject to Section 4.5, you shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promote the
Program to your Customers, taking into account Bank's advice and recommendations in
respect thereof, as Bank may advise you from time to time. Furthermore, you agree to
ensure that an image banner advertisement containing a URL link to the Online Card
Application Page on the Hosted Website (as contained in the Program Marketing Tool
Kit) is displayed on Your Webpage homepage for the duration of the Term.

You acknowledge and agree that Bank shall own each Account and that Bank is
responsible for extending credit with respect to each Account. You shall not be
considered to be a creditor on any Account for any purpose whatsoever, and, except

Co-branded Card Agreement Page 2 of 20
