15.7

15.8

15.9

15.10

15.11

16.

16.1

16.3

The mediation hearing shall be held in the City, County and State of New York or at
such other location as the Parties may mutually agree. The mediation proceedings and
all testimony, filings, documents and information relating to or presented during the
mediation proceedings? shall be deemed to be information subject to the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement. The mediator will have no power or authority to relieve the
Parties from their agreement hereunder to mediate or otherwise to amend or disregard
any provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of this
Section 15.

Should a mediator refuse or be unable to proceed with Mediation proceedings as called
for by this Section 15, the mediator shall be replaced by mutual agreement of the
Parties.

Arbitration: Any controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to this Agreement, that
the parties are unable to resolve pursuant to the mediation procedures set forth above,
shall be settled by arbitration before a single arbitrator in the City and State of New
York, in accordance with the commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association. Any decision or award of the arbitrator shall be binding on the parties.
Judgment on any award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably submits, and waives any objection it may
have with respect to the jurisdiction of any such arbitration and to such venue, and to
the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts sitting in the City and State of
New York for the enforcement of any resulting arbitration award. The arbitrator shall
apply the law of the State of New York, exclusive of conflict of law principles, to any
dispute. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the arbitration of disputes that arise
from actions or proceedings instituted by third parties.

Each Party will bear a pro rata share of all fees, costs and expenses of the mediation
and/or arbitration and notwithstanding any law to the contrary, each Party will bear all
the fees, costs and expenses of its own attorneys, experts and witnesses.

Nothing in Sections 15.2 to 15.10 (inclusive) shall be construed to prevent any Party
from seeking from a court a temporary restraining order or other temporary or
preliminary relief pending final resolution of a Dispute.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, and the documents referred to in it, constitute the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties and supersedes any previous agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement, and
the documents referred to in it, it does not rely on, and shall have no remedy in respect
of, any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, promise or assurance
(whether negligently or innocently made) of any person (whether Party to this
Agreement or not) other than as expressly set out in this Agreement.

Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

13

