41

4.2

43

44

45

46

47

YOUR OBLIGATIONS

You agree to provide a link from Your Website to the Hosted Website to allow your
Members to obtain information about the Program and to apply for Cards.

Subject to Section 4.5, you shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promote the
Program to your Members, taking into account Bank's advice and recommendations in
respect thereof, as Bank may advise you from time to time. Furthermore, you agree to
ensure that an image banner advertisement containing a URL link to the Online Card
Application Page on the Hosted Website (as contained in the Program Marketing Tool
Kit) is displayed on Your Webpage homepage for the duration of the Term.

You acknowledge and agree that Bank shall own each Account and that Bank is
responsible for extending credit with respect to each Account, You shall not be
considered to be a creditor on any Account for any purpose whatsoever, and, exept
with respect to any Company-supplied Cardholder Rewards as may be set forth in
Schedule 1 hereto, you shall have no obligation with respect to any Account. You shall
have no rights in the Accounts.

You agree to provide to the Bank the Company Content necessary to offer the Program
during the Term.

You agree that you will only use Bank Authorized Materials in connection with the
promotion, advertisement or marketing of the Program. You will make no modificatrions
to the Bank Authorized Materials except as are expressly approved by Bank.

You acknowledge and agree that, subject to complying with any applicable Privacy
Rules, Bank may contact Members who have submitted Applications with marketing
materials and other information relating to the Bank?s other products.

You warrant and represent that your Company Content does not include any of the
following material: ?

471 the trade names, logos, slogans or other identifying indicia of competitors of
the Card Association through which the Cards are issued under the Program;

4.7.2 political statements (e.g. Neo-Nazi, Pro-Life, etc.);

4.7.3 advertising or promotional material other than that for which you own or are
licensed to use all applicable Intellectual Property Rights;

4.7.4 branded products, other than those for which you own or are licensed to use
all applicable Intellectual Property Rights;

4.7.5 any copyright image, other than one which you own or are licensed to use;
4.7.6 any trade mark, other than one which you own or are licensed to use;

4.7.7 the names or likeness of foreign or U.S. celebrities that are recognizable by
the average person in the United States;

4.7.8 phone Numbers and URL addresses, other than those associated with the
Company;

