10.3

11.

12.

10.2.1 has come into the public domain other than by breach of this Section 10 or any
other duty of confidence;

10.2.2 is obtained by the Recipient Party from a third party without breach of this
Section 10 or any other duty of confidence;

10.2.3 is known by the Recipient Party, in connection with the Disclosing Party, and
which has been disclosed to the Recipient Party by a third party, other than a
Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Recipient Party, not in breach of any
duty of confidence;

10.2.4 is required by a governmental authority having examination rights over a Party
pursuant to laws or regulations binding on the Recipient Party receiving such
information;

10.2.5 is disclosed to the Recipient Party?s professional advisors for the purpose of
obtaining professional advice (subject to obtaining a satisfactory commitment
from that Party in respect of confidentiality and non-use);

10.2.6 is disclosed to the Recipient Party?s or the Recipient Party's Affiliate?s own
personnel under conditions of confidentiality and non-use and then only to the
extent required for the proper performance of this Agreement; or

10.2.7 is in the possession of the Recipient Party at the time the Confidential
Information was disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party or which is independently
developed without reference to any Confidential Information of the Disclosing
Party.

Except as permitted by Section 5 of this Agreement, neither Party shall use the name or
marks of the other in any publicity release, advertising or publicly displayed or
distriouted materials without securing the prior written consent of the Party whose name
is to be used. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank reserves the right to refer to you in
Bank?s customer list for its Affinity Card Program for the duration of the Term.

FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any delay or non-performance of its
obligations under this Agreement arising from any cause beyond its reasonable control
including (without limitation) any of the following: act of God, governmental act, terrorist
act, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion (each, an ?Event of Force Majeure?).

The Party affected by the Event of Force Majeure shall use all reasonable endeavors to
mitigate the impact of any Event of Force Majeure and to recommence performance of
its obligations under this Agreement as soon as is reasonably practicable. [f the
affected Party is unable to perform its obligations by reason of the Event of Force
Majeure for more than eight weeks, the non-defaulting Party may terminate this
Agreement immediately by serving notice on the other to that effect in which event
neither Party shall be liable to the other by reason of such termination.

AMENDMENT
We can amend this agreement at any time by providing you with ninety (90) days
advance notice of the amendment. If you do not terminate the Program by the

expiration of the notice period, you will be deemend to have accepted any such
amendment. Except as stated in the preceding sentence, any amendment,

9

