7. Confidentiality.

(a) The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that all information provided to or in
connection with either Party?s performance under this Agreement shall be considered confidential
and proprietary information (?Confidential Information?) and shall not be disclosed to any third-
party without the prior written consent of the Party providing the Confidential Information
(?Disclosing Party?). Confidential Information shall include, without limitation (i) names,
addresses, and demographic, behavioral, and credit information relating to HUECU Cardmembers,
potential HUECU Cardmembers, HARVARD alumni, or HARVARD customers, subscribers or
employees acquired solely in connection with the Program (including, Customer Data), (ii)
marketing materials, strategies and targeting methods relating to the Program, (iii) business
objectives, assets and properties relating to the Program; and (iv) programming techniques and
technical, developmental, cost and processing information relating to the Program; and (v)
Personal Data.

(b) The Party receiving such Confidential Information (?Receiving Party?) shall use
Confidential Information only for the purpose of performing the terms of this Agreement and shall
not accumulate in any way or make use of Confidential Information for any other purpose. The
Receiving Party shall ensure that only its employees, authorized agents, or subcontractors who
need to know Confidential Information to perform this Agreement will receive Confidential
Information and that such persons agree to be bound by the provisions of this Section 7 and
maintain the existence of this Agreement and the nature of their obligations hereunder strictly
confidential.

(c) The obligations with respect to Confidential Information shall not apply to
Confidential Information that: (i) either Party or its personnel already know at the time it is
disclosed as shown by their written records; (ii) is publicly known without breach of this
Agreement provided that this exception does not apply to customer information as described in
subsection (a)(i) above; (iii) either Party received from a third-party authorized to disclose it
without restriction; (iv) either Party, its agents or subcontractors, developed independently without
use of Confidential Information; or (v) either Party is required by law, regulation or valid court or
governmental agency order to disclose, in which case the Party receiving such an order must give
notice to the other Party, allowing them to seek a protective order.

(d) Each Party agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential
Information may cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party for which money
damages may not constitute an adequate remedy. In that event, each Party agrees that injunctive
relief may be warranted in addition to any other remedies the Disclosing Party may have. In
addition, the Receiving Party agrees promptly to advise the Disclosing Party in writing of any
unauthorized misappropriation, disclosure or use by any person of the Confidential Information
which may come to its attention and to take all steps at its own expense reasonably requested by
the Disclosing Party to limit, stop or otherwise remedy such misappropriation, disclosure or use.

(e) Upon either Party?s demand, or upon the termination of this Agreement, the Parties
shall comply with each other?s reasonable instructions regarding the disposition of Confidential
Information that may include return of any and all Confidential Information (including any copies
or reproductions thereof). At the request of the Disclosing Party, such compliance shall be certified
