3. Direct Solicitations by HARVARD. Upon request by HARVARD and with prior
written approval by HUECU, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed, HUECU shall permit HARVARD, subject to reasonable restrictions set forth by HUECU,
to directly and indirectly solicit applications for Credit Card Products from HARVARD Members
without direct participation from HUECU. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, all marketing
expenses incurred by HARVARD shall be borne solely by HARVARD.

4. Privacy and Data Security.

(a) HARVARD hereby acknowledges that HUECU is subject to the privacy regulations
under Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. ? 6801 et seq. and information security
regulations under 201 C.M.R. 17.00 (Standards for The Protection of Personal Information of
Residents of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts), pursuant to which statute and regulations
HUECU is required to obtain certain undertakings from HARVARD with regard to the privacy,
use and protection of nonpublic personal financial information of HUECU?s customers or
prospective customers. Therefore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, HARVARD agrees that (1) it shall not disclose or use any Customer Data except to
the extent necessary to carry out its obligations under this Agreement and for no other purpose, (2)
it shall not disclose Customer Data to any third-party, including, without limitation, its third-party
service providers without the prior consent of HUECU and an agreement in writing from the third-
party to use or disclose such Customer Data only to the extent necessary to carry out HARVARD?s
obligations under this Agreement and for no other purposes except in relation to the marketing
and/or administration of a potential HAA Rewards Program as described in Section 2, (3) it has
implemented and shall maintain, and shall require all third-parties approved under clause (2) to
maintain, effective information security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized
disclosure or use in compliance with 201 C.M.R. 17.00, and (4) it shall provide HUECU with
information regarding such security measures upon the reasonable request for HUECU and
promptly provide HUECU with information regarding any failure of such security measures or
any security breach related to Customer Data. Provided that so long as HARVARD publishes a
privacy policy explaining its use of customer?s name and contact information and the customer?s
option in regard to that usage, HARVARD may use such information in a manner consistent with
said privacy policy without violating clauses (1) and (2). The obligations set forth in this Section 4
shall be perpetual and shall survive termination of this Agreement. For the purposes of this
Agreement, ?Customer Data? shall mean the nonpublic personal information (as defined in 15
U.S.C. ? 6809(4)) and personal information (as defined in 201 C.M.R. 17.00) of HUECU?s
customers or prospective customers received by HARVARD in connection with the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement, including, but not limited to (i) an individual?s name,
address, e-mail address, IP address, telephone number and/or social security number, (ii) the fact
that an individual has a relationship with HUECU, or (iii) an individual?s account information.
For purposes of this Section 4, HUECU Customer Data excludes nonpublic personal information
provided by a consumer directly to HARVARD.

(b) HUECU hereby acknowledges that HARVARD is subject to the information
security regulations under 201 C.M.R. 17.00 (Standards for The Protection of Personal
Information of Residents of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts), pursuant to which HARVARD
is required to obtain certain undertakings from HUECU with regard to the privacy, use and
protection of nonpublic personal financial information of current or former HARVARD faculty

-2-
