STANFORD Marketing & Sponsorship Agreement

ATHLETICS

f. The failure of any Party to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such
right or any other rights.

g. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns.

h. Sponsor and Provider are independent contracting parties and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create
a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between them nor does it grant either Party any authority to
assume or create any obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other Party.

i. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts by facsimile or electronic signature, each of which shall be
deemed an original and each counterpart together shall constitute one document. Each Party represents and warrants
that the person whose signature appears below for Sponsor is duly authorized to execute this Agreement and legally
bind that Party under this Agreement.

j.The prevailing party in any dispute between the parties arising out of the interpretation, application, or enforcement
of any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to recover all of its reasonable attorneys? fees and costs whether
suit be filed or not, including, without limitation, costs and attorneys? fees related to or arising out of any arbitration
proceeding, trial, or appellate proceedings.

k.This Agreement is entered into and will be performed in California and all questions relating to its validity,
interpretation, performance, and enforcement (including, without limitation, provisions concerning limitations of
action) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding
any conflict-of-laws doctrines of such state or other jurisdiction to the contrary

ACCEPTED and AGREED:

STANFORD FEDERAL CREDIT UNION STANFORD ATHLETICS

1860 EMBARCADERO AVE 641 E CAMPUS DRIVE

PALO ALTO, CA 94303 STANFORD, CA 94304

By: (I) By:

Joan O | | Tommy Gray

President/CEO Associate AD, External Relations

Date: "1 | Ss [ [ Date:

Stanford Athletics Stanford University
Arrillaga Family Sports Center
Page 4 641 East Campus Drive

Stanford, CA 94305
phone: 650,725-2123, fax: 650.724.4830
