Exhibit Az
Retail Banking Services and Products

1. DEBIT CARDS.

Debit Card means a card, including the OU Visa? Debit Card, that enables an accountholder to obtain access to a
checking or savings account for the purpose of making withdrawals or of transferring funds to a third party by a
non-transferable order or authorization.

2. CREDIT CARD

Credit Card means a card, including the OU Visa? Credit Card, issued to Members that were approved for credit
and subsequently opened a credit account for which the credit card is issued.

3. STORED-VALUE CARDS.

Stored-Value Card means a reloadable card (e.g, payroll card or Visa? Teen Bucks card), including an OU Visa?
Stored-Value Card, that enables a bank accountholder to load value for the purpose of making purchases.

4. GIFT CARDS.

Gift Card means a non-reloadable card, including OU Visa? Gift Card, that enables an accountholder to load value
(e.g., general or store-specific credit) for the purpose of making purchases. Gift Cards will be sold at all Bank
banking centers and will allow the card recipient to make purchases with the card wherever Visa* is accepted. Other
parties may market, promote, offer or administer merchant- and/or entity-specific gift cards for the purpose of
making purchases such as a Lowe's OU gift card to be used solely in Lowe's stores, or for mall-specific gift cards
solely to be used in a particular mall).

5. CHECKING ACCOUNTS.

Checking Account means a demand deposit account, a negotiable order of withdrawal account or any other account
that constitutes a checking account as defined by federal law.

6. SAVINGS ACCOUNTS.

Savings Account means a passbook savings account, a statement savings account, a money market deposit account
or any other account that constitutes a savings account as defined by federal law.

7. TIME DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS.

Time Deposit Account means a certificate of deposit, a club account that are not maintained as savings deposits or
any other time deposit account as defined by federal law.

8. CONSUMER LOANS.
Consumer Loan means a loan for personal, family, or household purposes or as otherwise defined by federal law.
9. MORTGAGE LOANS.

Mortgage Loan means a loan secured by real property (e.g., a home, business property, farm residence, or some
combination thereof).

? All 14 categories outlined in this Exhibit A should be construed according to their Code of Federal Regulations?
definition

11
