(0) ?Retail Banking Services and Products? means only those retail banking services and product
offerings described in Exhibit A to this Agreement that are offered in combination with University
Trademarks and/or Mailing Lists.

(p) ?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Section 5.

(q) ?Sooner Card? means the Sooner Card which is a University-sponsored card used in
conjunction with a Student's Bursar account that is available exclusively for Students currently enrolled
in University programs and is not directly associated with any bank account.

(rn) ?Student? means an individual who is enrolled in or attends classes at the University.

(s) ?Student Financial Education and Counseling Program? means a customized student financial
counseling program designed to provide financial education and counseling to Students of the University.

(t) ?Take-One Distributions? means brochures and promotional materials distributed through
outlets such as counter-top or wall-mounted displays.

(u) ?Trademark? or ?University?s Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation,
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark, with exception of the official seal of the
University, used or acquired by the University or any University Affiliate during the term of this
Agreement.

(v) ?University Affiliate? means any entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned
or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control of the University. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, University Affiliate does not include the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center,
Cameron University, Rogers State University, or the Tulsa Schusterman Center or the Foundation.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNIVERSITY AND THE UNIVERSITY
AFFILIATES

(a) Subject to Section 2(d) below and in return for the Royalties, the University grants the Bank the
exclusive right to market, promote, offer and administer the Retail Banking Services and Products (as
detailed in Exhibit A) that are offered in combination with the University's Trademarks and/or the Mailing
Lists.

(b) The University will take reasonable steps in its sole discretion to cause any other entity to
cease and desist from (i) marketing, promoting, offering or administering the OU Visa? Debit Card,
OU Visa? Credit Card, the OU Visa? Stored-Value Card and/or the OU Visa? Gift Card, and (ii)
utilizing the University's Trademarks in combination with the Mailing Lists for the marketing,
promoting, offering or administering of the Retail Banking Services and Products to the extent in
conflict with rights granted by this Agreement.

(c) The University, University Affiliates, and the Foundation shall not, individually or in conjunction
with others, directly or indirectly take any action which would violate, or cause the University to violate,
the terms of this Agreement.

(d) The rights granted under this Agreement do not cover nor conflict with the University's right to the
following,

(i) the offering/provision of student financial aid or the Student Financial Education and
Counseling Program; provided, however, no third party shall receive the Mailing List for the
offering or provision of student financial aid or Student Financial Education and Counseling,

(ii) events held for housing on move-in day; provided, however, no third party shall receive
the Mailing List in connection with such events,

2
