5.2. With respect to the Exception, Wells Fargo, until their naming rights agreement with the
University expires, may offer financial products, including credit cards, to Constituents inside the Wells
Fargo Arena provided that (i) the programs and marketing materials associated with such product
offerings do not utilize the Marks; and (ii) no Constituent mailing list shall be provided to Wells Fargo to
solicit Constituents with such products.

6. ROYALTIES AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS
MidFirst will be responsible for the monetary payments contemplated in this Section 6.

6.11, Royalties. The University will earn the following Royalties over the course of this
Agreement:

Bl. Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee. MidFirst will guarantee a minimum
royalty payment of Thirty-Five Thousand and no/100 Dollars ($35,000.00) per year, for years 2 through
11 of this Agreement, beginning January 1, 2013 (the "Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee"). The
Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee payments shall be made within thirty (30) days following the annual
anniversary of the Effective Date of this Agreement. In each of years 2 through 11, the Affinity Credit
Card Program Incentive-Based Royalties described in Section 6.1.2 earned in a particular year shall
accrue against the Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee paid in the particular year until such Royalties
equal or exceed such Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee. Any incremental Affinity Credit Card Program
Incentive-Based Royalties earned in a particular year in excess of the Annual Minimum Royalty
Guarantee will be paid to the University on a quarterly basis once the Annual Minimum Royalty
Guarantee amount has been met for the applicable year. The incremental payments shall be made by
the end of the second month following the end of the applicable calendar quarter in which such
incremental royalties are earned. For clarification purposes, to the extent the Affinity Credit Card Program
Incentive-Based Royalties earned in a particular year do not equal or exceed the Annual Minimum
Royalty Guarantee paid in such year, the deficiency shall not be carried forward to any future year or
repaid to MidFirst.

6.1.2. Affinity Credit Card Program Incentive-Based Royalties: Affinity Credit Card
Account and Transaction Royalties.

6.1.2.1. Affinity Credit Card Account Royalties. For the Term of this
Agreement, the University will earn incentive-based account royalties at a rate of Forty-Five and no/100
Dollars ($45.00) for each new Affinity Credit Card initiated through any MidFirst banking center, MidFirst
call center or via MidFirst's website which may be marketed through any University (including University
Affiliates and departments) owned or managed marketing channel (e.g., website, e-newsletters, emails,
Alumni new member kits, publications, social media pages) and Three and no/100 Dollars ($3.00) if the
new Affinity Credit Card is initiated through MidFirst-funded direct mail. Affinity Credit Card Account
Royalties will be earned in the month the new Affinity Credit Card Account is opened and paid to the
University on a quarterly basis. The payments shall be made by the end of the second (2nd) month
following the end of the applicable calendar quarter.

6.1.2.2. Affinity Credit Card Transaction Royalties. For the Term of this
Agreement, the University will earn incentive-based transaction royalties based on a royalty of thirty
percent (30%) of Consumer Credit Card Interchange Revenue (the "Affinity Credit Card Transaction
Royalties"). Affinity Credit Card Transaction Royalties will be earned in the month the transaction took
place and paid to the University on a quarterly basis. The payments shall be made by the end of the
second (2nd) month following the end of the applicable calendar quarter and shall be accompanied by a
compensation report detailing the calculation of such payment.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 6 of 26

