MidFirst's rights granted herein. At such time that the University becomes aware of any circumstances
that will in any way affect MidFirst's rights under this Agreement, the University shall provide notice to
MidFirst and the Parties shall work together to develop a mutually acceptable solution and protect each
Party's interest resulting from the Affinity Credit Card Program.

7.7. University shall provide MidFirst with such: information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by MidFirst in connection with the. Affinity Credit Card Program.

7.7.1. Further, the University will provide, per an agreed upon schedule, all releasable
information, subject to. the applicable law, on University Alumni, faculty and staff to allow MidFirst to
manage the calculation of Royalties related to the Affinity Credit Card Program. With respect to facuity
and staff, this. information will be provided on the Faculty/Staff List. Should a person's record be marked
as a non-publishable record, MidFirst will not receive the data from. the University but may obtain if only
from the individual.

7.7.2. Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, the University shall provide MidFirst
with initial versions of the Faculty/Staff List and the Alumni List. University shall then provide such lists to
MidFirst-on at?least a semi-annual basis.

7.8 In the event of loss of any data or records necessary for the performance. of this
Agreement where such loss is due to the error or negligence of University or its employees or agents,
University shall take commercially reasonable efforts to recreate such lost data or records.

7.9 University shall abide by all federal, state, and local laws applicable to its operation.

7.10 University shal! be responsible for any loss or damage to property owned by MidFirst that
is caused by University or its employees or agents in.the course and scope of their employment.

7.11 University will not use or disclose any Bank Customer Information it may discover to any
persons for any purpose other than. to carry out the purpose for which MidFirst disclosed the information
or as permitted'under this Agreement. University will maintain reasonable security procedures to protect
against the unauthorized use, publication, destruction, or disclosure-of any Bank Customer Information it
may discover. Such procedures shall include, but shall not be limited to. the following: the use of
appropriate security control: technologies (including but not limited to, encryption of data, firewalls,
passwords, authentication, data access and transmission controls and procedures, virus and anti-spy
protection software), and physical:security measures (including, but not limited to, limited security access
to facilities, and proper disposal procedures). University agrees. to reasonably cooperate with MidFirst in
efforts to assess the security measures through the use of questionnaires or reasonable audits, not to
exceed two (2) audits in an calendar year during the term of this Agreement.

8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1. The University and MidFirst each represents and warrants to the other that. as of the
Effective Date and throughout the Term of this Agreement:

8.1.1. It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

8.1.2. It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

8.4.3. It will comply with applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, and
regulations-applicable to the terms and obligations of this Agreement.

8.1.4, This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation: of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited

