AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

This AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT (this ?Agreement?) is entered into between the
ARIZONA BOARD OF REGENTS, a body corporate, for and on behalf of ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
(?University?), having its principal place of business located at 300 E. University Drive, Tempe, Arizona
85281 and MIDFIRST BANK, a federally chartered savings association (MidFirst?), with its principal
place of business located at 501 NW Grand Boulevard, Oklahoma City, OK 73118. As noted in
Paragraph 1 below, this Agreement has an Effective Date of January 1, 2012.

RECITALS

A. University and MidFirst (collectively, the "Parties", and individually, a "Party") have
previously entered into a Strategic Banking Relationship Master Agreement dated January 13, 2012, as
amended, with an effective date of of January 1, 2012 (the ?Master Agreement?), which was a
culmination of the negotiation process following MidFirst's response to University's Request for Proposal
#281105 for a Strategic Banking Relationship Partner.

B. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, the Parties agreed to enter into this Agreement to
document their agreements with respect to the Affinity Credit Card, as defined below. This Agreement
constitutes the Parties' agreements with respect to the Affinity Credit Card.

AGREEMENT TERMS

NOW, THEREFORE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, including the
incentive-based royalties described herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the attached Exhibits and Addenda,
intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree as follows:

1. TERM

This Agreement will begin on January 1, 2012 ("Effective Date") and expire on December 31, 2022, for
an initial eleven (11) year contract period (the "Term"). Thereafter, the Term may be extended by mutual
written agreement for up to two (2) additional consecutive five (5) year periods. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement shall terminate concurrently with
the expiration or earlier termination of the Master Agreement.

2. DEFINITIONS

The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for all purposes under this Agreement:

2.4. "ABOR" shall mean the Arizona Board of Regents.

2.2. "Account" shall mean any Affinity Credit Card Account.

2:3) "Active Account" shall mean any open Affinity Credit Card Account.

2.4. "Advertising Materials" shall mean all MidFirst-created marketing, advertising, and
solicitation materials which contain the University's Marks.

2.5, ?Affinity Credit Card" shall mean the co-branded credit card offered by MidFirst that
features the University's Marks.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 1 of 26

