2.7. ?Affinity Credit Gard Program" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

2.8. ?Affinity Credit Card Program _Incentive-Based Royalties" shall mean collectively the
royalties paid on the Affinity Cr?dit Cards, as set forth in Section 5.1.1.

2.9. ?Affinity Credit Card Transaction: Royalties" shall mean those royalties described. in
Section 5.1.1.2.

2.10. ?Alumni? shall. mean any person who has attended the University.

2.11. ?Alumni List? shall mean the complete and: accurate list of all University Alumni, as
provided to MidFirst by the University.

2.12, ?Bank Customer" shall mean any University student, Alumni, faculty or staff, parent of a
University student, Broncho athletic fan or other friend or supporter of the University who has entered into
a banking relationship with MidFirst to provide or engage in Retail Banking Services and Products as part
of the Affinity Credit Card Program as well as any person who has entered into a banking relationship
with MidFirst outside of the Affinity Credit Card Program.

2.13. ?Bank Customer Information" shall mean any non-public, non-published information
regarding current or potential Bank Customers.

2.14. ?Barking Centers? shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 4.6.

2.15. ?Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth above in introductory paragraph.

2.16. ?Faculty/Staff List? shall mean the complete and accurate list of all faculty and staff
currently employed by the University, as provided to MidFirst by the University. The Faculty/Staff List will
be inclusive of adjunct professors. It is not meant to include students who also work as faculty/staff,
where-the primary role is that of a student.

2.17. ?ETP? shall mean File Transfer Protocol.

2.18. "Information" shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 9.1.

2.19.  ?Indemnitee" and ?Indemnitor? shall have the meanings set forth below in Section 16.1.

2.20. "Marks" or ?University's Marks" shall mean the design, image, visual representation, logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name or trademark, with exception of the official seal of the University
used or acquired by the University during the Term of this Agreement.

2.21. 'MidFirst" shall mean MidFirst Bank.

2.22. ?Milestone Bonus" shall:mean the bonus described in Section 5.1.2.

2.23. "Party" shall mean individually either University or MidFirst.

2.24. ?Parties? shall mean collectively the University and MidFirst.

2.25. "Premises" shall mean any and all areas of University?s main campus in Edmond,

Oklahoma, all other UCO campus locations, the CHK|Central Boathouse and any other locations as
mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

