EXHIBIT "A"

A VALUES BASED STANDARD FOR BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS WITH SIGNIFICANT
UNIVERSITY SERVICE PROVIDERS

University is a public institution established under the Arizona Constitution and governed by ABOR.
University is subject to ABOR policy, and applicable federal and State of Arizona rules, regulations and
laws.

As a public institution, University has responsibilities to its stakeholders, including the tax payer citizens of
Arizona, the students we educate and the faculty who teach them. As a general guiding business
principle and in accordance with the ABOR procurement policy, University believes that its business is
best conducted in a free market environment where goods and services are obtained through open
competition to satisfy specific price performance objectives.

University also recognizes the obligation it has to the community beyond its institutional boundaries and
the opportunity presented by its ability to influence public policy, economic development and business
practices. In articulating its vision for "the New American University" we have incorporated design
elements that include societal transformation, emphasis on the individual and social embeddedness.
Implicit in these design imperatives is the recognition that Arizona State University will make a positive
impact on the educational, economic, cultural and societal development of our region.

The substance of a university cannot be measured by bricks or mortar or even its financial health but by
the quality of people who teach, study, conduct research and provide services in support of the
institutional mission, and the contribution they make to our community.

University seeks to act responsibly in the treatment of its faculty and staff. That includes making
reasonable efforts to provide a safe and secure working environment, providing opportunities for growth
and development, and compensation and benefit that are competitive with other academic institutions and
our local market.

Some of the service and support functions that are essential to the daily functioning of the University are
provided by outside contractors who perform jobs that are often unrecognized and under appreciated by
the. people they serve. University may not set wage rates for suppliers providing goods or services to the
University, nor may University engage in any activity in support of a collective bargaining unit or interfere
with a contractor's internal affairs, such as labor and management controversies. University may,
however, establish a set of principles in support of economic and social opportunity for the employees of
service providers that have an ongoing presence on our campuses to guide the procurement of goods
and services. We can encourage equal opportunity at all levels of employment and encourage training
opportunities for the purpose of improving the quality of life for individual workers, their families, and their
neighborhood communities. Therefore, within the laws that govern our business practices, University will
seek business relationships with companies who work in support of the following principles:

? Promote equal opportunity for all employees in the company

~ Respect employees? voluntary freedom of association

* Provide a compensation system that is sensitive to a competitive marketplace while enabling
employees to meet basic needs, which include food, housing, health care, transportation and
educational opportunity.

? Provide employees opportunities to improve skills in order to raise social and economic well-being.

? Provide a safe working environment.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 20 of 26

