8. UNIVERSITY RESPONSIBILITIES

8.1. As stated in Section 5, the University hereby grants MidFirst the exclusive right to market,
promote, offer and administer the Affinity Credit Card that is offered in combination with the Marks or any
other credit card that is offered in combination with the Marks.

8.2. University grants MidFirst a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to use the
Marks in conjunction with the Affinity Credit Card Program. The University shall have the right of prior
approval, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, of MidFirst's, FNBO's or subsequent credit card
provider's use of the Marks.

8.3) The University will take necessary steps to cause any other entity to cease and desist
from (i) marketing. promoting, offering or administering the Affinity Credit Card or any other credit card
that is offered in combination with the Marks, and (ii) utilizing the University's Marks for the marketing,
promoting, offering or administering the Affinity Credit Card or any other credit card that is offered in
combination with the Marks to the extent in conflict with the rights granted by this Agreement.

8.4. The University shall have the right of prior approval, not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, of Advertising Materials.

8.5. The University shall not, individually or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly,
take any action which would violate, or cause the University to violate, the terms of this Agreement.

8.6. University's designated Contract Administrator shall manage and monitor for University
compliance. University hereby designates the Interim Associate Vice President for University Business
Services, currently John Riley, as its initial Contract Administrator for this Agreement.

8.7. University shall take all commercially reasonable steps to actively promote and support
the Affinity Credit Card Program. University will not take any actions that would in any way negatively
impact MidFirst's rights granted herein. At such time that the University becomes aware of any
circumstances that will in any way affect MidFirst's rights under this Agreement, the University shall
provide notice to MidFirst and the Parties shall work together to develop a mutually acceptable solution
and protect each Party's interest resulting from the Affinity Credit Card Program.

8.8. University shall provide MidFirst with such information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by MidFirst in connection with the Affinity Credit Card Program.

8.8.1. Further, the University will provide, per the schedule set forth in Section 4.4, all
releasable information, subject to the applicable law, on University Alumni, faculty and staff to allow
MidFirst to manage the calculation of Royalties related to the Affinity Credit Card Program. With respect
to faculty and staff, this information will be provided on the Faculty/Staff List. Should a person's record be
marked as a non-publishable record, MidFirst will not receive the data from the University but may obtain
if only from the individual.

8.8.2. Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, the University shall provide MidFirst
with initial versions of the Faculty/Staff List and the Alumni List. University shall then provide such lists to
MidFirst on at least a quarterly basis.

9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

9.1. The University and MidFirst each represents and warrants to the other that as of the
Effective Date and throughout the Term of this Agreement:

BAA. It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 8 of 26

