EXHIBIT "B"

ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION ADDENDUM

University and MidFirst mutually agree to comply with the requirements of the Gramm Leach Bliley Act
("GLB") dealing with the confidentiality of customer information and the Safeguarding Rule. If any conflict
exists between the terms of the original Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall
govern.

1; Definitions:

a. Covered Data and Information includes Confidential Financial Information (defined below)
required to be protected under the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (GLB). Covered Data and
Information includes both paper and electronic records.

b. Confidential Financial Information is the nonpublic personal information that the
University has obtained from a customer in the process of offering a financial product or
service includes offering student loans to students as defined in 12 C.F.R. 225.28.

2. Acknowledgment of Access to Covered Data and Information: MidFirst acknowledges that the
Agreement allows MidFirst access to Covered Data and Information. Specifically, access to the
following categories of Covered Data and Information is anticipated under the Agreement:

. Loan Amounts, Loan Types, Fees, Collection Charges, Past Due Amounts
* ? Social Security Numbers

3. Prohibition on Unauthorized Use or Disclosure of Covered Data and Information: MidFirst agrees
to hold Covered Data and Information received from or created on behalf of University in strict
confidence. MidFirst shall not use or disclose Covered Data and Information received from or
created on behalf of University except as permitted or required by the Agreement of this
Addendum, as required by law, or as otherwise authorized in writing by the University.

4. Safeguard Standard: MidFirst agrees that it will protect the Covered Data and Information
received from or created on behalf of University according to commercially acceptable standards
and no less rigorously than it protects its own confidential information. MidFirst shall develop,
implement, maintain, and use appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security
measures to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all such Covered Data and
Information.

5. Return of Destruction of Covered Data_and Information: Upon termination, cancellation,
expiration, or other conclusion of the Agreement, MidFirst shall return the University Covered
Data and Information to University unless University requests that such data be destroyed. This
provision shall also apply to all Covered Data MidFirst shall complete such return or destruction
not less than thirty (30) days after the conclusion of this Agreement. Within such thirty (30) day
period, MidFirst shall certify in writing to University that such return or destruction has been
completed. To the extent return or destruction is not feasible this Addendum shall remain in full
force and effect.

6. Terms and Termination

a. This Addendum shall take effect upon execution. The respective rights and obligations of
MidFirst under this Addendum shall survive their termination of this Agreement.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 24 of 26

