ALUMNI

ASSOCIATION

judgments, and costs (including attorneys? fees), arising from the Mark
license granted herein of from MidFirst?s use of the Marks in reliance
thereon. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in the manner
provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to such
license or the use of any Marks.

9. CONFIDENTIALITY

9.1

9:2

9.3

9.4

The terms and conditions of this Agreement and any contract negotiations,
proposal, letter of intent, financial information, customer information
and/or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the
other Party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the
execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date
of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other Party to
any other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement, as
required by operation of law, or as mutually agreed in writing. MidFirst
agrees to comply with the requirements of the Gramm Leach Bliley Act
dealing with the confidentiality of Bank Customer Information and the
safeguarding rule, and OSUAA agrees to reasonably assist MidFirst in
complying therewith.

MidFirst and OSUAA shall be permitted to disclose such Information (a) to
their accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees
or permitted vendors as necessary for the performance of their respective
duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the information as
confidential and (b) as required by law or requested by any governmental
regulatory authority.

The Parties acknowledge that OSUAA may be subject to the Oklahoma
Open Records Act (51. 0.S. 24A.1, et seq.) and all confidentiality
agreements, including the Section, may be subject to its restrictions.
OSUAA shall provide MidFirst with reasonable notice regarding any
applicable Oklahoma Open Records Act requests relating to this
Agreement.

OSUAA will not have access to any Bank Customer Information regarding
the Affinity Credit Card Program.

10. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT

10.1

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by MidFirst or
OSUAA, the other Party may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty
(30) days written notice with an opportunity to cure, as provided herein, to
the breaching Party. The notice shall: (i) describe the material breach; and
(ii) state the non-breaching Party?s intention to terminate this Agreement if

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
