9.1.2. It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

9.1.3. It will comply with applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, and
regulations applicable to the terms and obligations of this Agreement.

9.1.4. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity.

9.1.5. No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as
have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

9.1.6. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party will
not constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such Party.

9.2. The University represents to MidFirst as of the date hereof and throughout the Term of
this Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Marks to MidFirst for use as contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent permitted by law, the University shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
MidFirst, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns from any and all
claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, and costs (including attorneys' fees), arising from the Mark
license granted herein or from MidFirst's use of the Marks in reliance thereon. Each Party shall promptly
notify the other Party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to
such license or the use of any Marks.

10. CONFIDENTIALITY

10.1. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and any proposal, financial information, and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement ("Information") are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other Party to any
other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement, as required by operation of law, or as
mutually agreed in writing.

10.2. MidFirst and the University shall be permitted to disclose such Information (a) to their
accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of
their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information as confidential and (b) as
required by law or requested by any governmental regulatory authority.

10.3. MidFirst specifically recognizes that the University is a state agency and is subject to the
Arizona Public Records Law.

10.4. The University will not have access to any Bank Customer Information. If, at any time,
the University should request access to Bank Customer Information, the Parties will agree in a separate
written agreement to the terms of confidentiality, usage, security and destruction of information.

11. INFORMATION SECURITY

All MidFirst systems containing sensitive University data must be designed, managed, and operated in
accordance with information security information best practices and in compliance with all applicable
federal and state laws, regulations, and policies. In addition, systems must be managed in such a way
that they are in compliance and are consistent with University's policies and standards regarding data
usage and information security located at http://getprotected.asu.edu/governance#university. University

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 9 of 26

