4.4

4.5

ALUMNI

ASSOCIATIO

and pursuant to privacy banking laws), (ii) disclose the Alumni Lists only to
those of their employees and third parties who have a need to know, and
(ili) insure that each such employee, agent or third party to whom the
Alumni Lists are disclosed is first advised of the confidentiality obligations
hereunder, and that such obligations will continue whether or not an
individual continues as an employee or agent of MidFirst or its Credit Card
provider. MidFirst and/or its Credit Card provider shall be responsible for
any disclosures or uses made in violation of this Agreement by its
employees, third parties, agents, even if individuals terminate their position
as employees or agents. Upon termination of this Agreement, neither
MidFirst nor its employees, agents or Credit Card provider may use, divulge
or otherwise provide the Alumni List(s) to any third party.

MidFirst shall provide quarterly reporting to OSUAA within sixty (60) days
of close of each quarter that will provide reasonably necessary information
for marketing review.

OSUAA shall provide MidFirst with copies and ay updates or amendments
thereto of any OSUAA policies that have an impact on MidFirst?s offering of
Affinity Credit Cards.

. GENERAL FUND PAYMENTS
MidFirst will be responsible for the monetary payments contemplated in this Section 5.

General Fund Payment. MidFirst shall make payments contributing to OSUAA?s general
fund in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. Payments will total nine
hundred thousand dollars ($900,000) over the ten (10) years of this Agreement. This
first payment of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) shall be made payable to
OSUAA within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this agreement. The second
payment of two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) shall be made payable to
OSUAA within thirty (30) days after the first anniversary of the Effective Date of this
agreement. The third, fourth and fifth of one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000)
each will be made thirty (30) days after the annual anniversary of the Effective Date of
this agreement. The sixth, seventh and eighth payments of fifty thousand dollars
($50,000) each will be made thirty (30) days after the annual anniversary of the
Effective Date of this agreement. The nineth and tenth payments of twenty-five
thousand dollars ($25,000) each will be made thirty (30) days after the annual
anniversary of the Effective Date of this agreement. Payments may be utilized by the
OSUAA at their discretion.

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
