2.9

2.10
an

2:12
2:18
2.14
2.15

2.16

2:17

2.18
2:19

2.20
2:21
2.22

2.23

2.24

3.1

ALUMNI

ASSOCIATION

?Consumer Credit Card Interchange Revenue? shall mean the revenue
earned per transaction by the bank as a result of interchange fees charged
to merchants.

?Credit Card? shall mean a payment card that allows a customer to carry a
balance and pay at a later date.

?Effective Date? shall have the meaning set forth above in the introductory
paragraph.

?ETP? shall mean File Transport Protocol.

?General Fund Payment? shall mean the payments described in section 5.
?Information? shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 9.1.
?Indemnitee? and ?Indemnitor? shall have the meanings set forth below in
Section 15.

?Marketing Channel? shall mean methods in which Affinity Credit Cards are
marketed, including, but not limited to, direct mail, email, website,
publications, and banking centers.

?Marks? or ?University Marks? shall mean the OSU design, image, visual
representation, logo, service marks, trade name or trademark (with
exception of the official seal of the University) used or acquired by OSUAA
or the University during the Term of the Agreement.

?MidFirst? shall mean MidFirst Bank.

?QSUAA Affiliates? shall mean any entity or association related or
associated with OSUAA or OSU, who would also have rights to the Marks,
including Oklahoma State University.

?Party? shall mean individually either OSUAA or MidFirst.

?Parties? shall mean collectively OSUAA or MidFirst.

?Related Parties? shall mean the directors, officers, employees, agents,
subcontractors, contractors, representatives, subsidiaries or affiliates of a
receiving party, to the extent such entities or persons receive information.
?Royalty? or ?Royalties? shall mean the collective compensation set forth
below in Section 5.1.

?University? or ?OSU? shall mean Oklahoma State University.

. BANKING RELATIONSHIP ELEMENT - AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AND EXCLUSIVITY

For the Term of this Agreement, MidFirst shall be the exclusive provider of
the Affinity Credit Cards or any other Credit Card that is offered in
combination with the Marks (the ?Affinity Credit Card Program?). The
Affinity Credit Card Program will be offered to University Alumni, parents
of University students, OSU athletic fans and other friends or supporters of

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
