RETAIL BANKING AGREEMENT

ing Agreement (?this Agreement?) is executed this! If Say of , 2017, effective the

, 2017 (the ?Effective Date?) and between MIDFIRST B. ("Bank"), a federally
chartered savings association, with its principal place of business located at 501 NW Grand Boulevard,
Oklahoma City, OK 73118, and the BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA
(the ?University?), a constitutional state university having its principal place of business located at 660
Parrington Oval, Room 119, Norman, OK 73019, for themselves, and their respective successors and
assigns (individually referred to as ?Party? or collectively referred to as ???Parties?).

is Retail B
lay of

1, DEFINITIONS
When used in this Agreement:

(a) ?Advertising Materials? means all Bank-created marketing, advertising, and solicitation materials
related to Retail Banking Services and Products which contain a Trademark.

(b) ?Athletic Mailings? means mailings, whether directly or indirectly initiated by the OU Athletic
Department.

(c) ?Bank Customer? means any Member who has entered into a banking relationship with Bank to
provide or engage in Retail Banking Services and Products as a part of the Program as well as any person
who has entered into a similar relationship with Bank outside of the Program.

(d) ?Bank Customer Information? means any non-public, non-published information regarding
current or potential Bank Customers.

(e) ?Foundation? means The University of Oklahoma Foundation, Inc., a private Oklahoma not-
for-profit corporation having the University or any University Affiliate as its exclusive beneficiaries.

(f) ?Foundation Database? means the proprietary database owned, managed and administered by the
Foundation that includes the names and addresses of individuals and businesses that have supported the
University or any University Affiliate.

(g) ?Mailing List? means an updated and current list, derived from the Foundation Database, in hard
copy and/or electronic form containing names (including without limitation names of Members who are
business owners or authorized officers), with corresponding last known valid postal addresses and, when
available, telephone numbers (including area codes and e-mail addresses) of all Members who are at least
eighteen (18) years of age, segmented by zip codes or other reasonably selected membership characteristics
as mutually agreed upon by the Parties, but in no case to include confidential donor information (including
information that would identify Member as a donor), and who have not affirmatively requested not to be
contacted. In no event shall the Mailing List include selected membership characteristics not approved in
advance by the University.

(h) ?Member? means an alumnus, donor of OU, as well as other potential participants mutually agreed
upon by the University and Bank.

(1) ?OU? means the University of Oklahoma Norman Campus, including its athletic facilities.

(m) ?OU Visa? Credit Card? means the co-branded credit card offered by Bank that features
University?s Trademark.

(n) ?Program? means the marketing, promotion and administration of the Retail Banking Services and
Products in combination with the University's Trademarks and/or Mailing Lists as may be offered and
provided by the Bank to the Members from time-to-time pursuant to this Agreement..
