Harassment or Abuse:

No employee shall be subject to any physical, sexual, psychological, or verbal harassment or abuse.
MidFirst shall not use or tolerate any form of corporal punishment.

Controlled Substances:

MidFirst must prohibit the use, possession, distribution, and/or sale of illegal drugs while on University
owned or leased property.

Weapons Policy:

The University prohibits the use, possession, display or storage of any weapon, explosive device or
fireworks on all land and buildings owned, leased, or under control of the University or its affiliated or
related entities, in all University residential facilities (whether managed by the University or another
entity), in all University vehicles, and at all University or University affiliate sponsored events and
activities. Notification by MidFirst to all persons or entities who are employees, officers, subcontractors,
consultants, agents, guests, invitees or licensees of MidFirst (MidFirst Parties) of this policy is a condition
and requirement of the Contract. MidFirst further agrees to enforce this contractual requirement against
all MidFirst Parties.

PREFERRED PROVISIONS

The University may establish reasonable performance objectives for suppliers that are consistent with its
values, and may incorporate these objectives when establishing evaluation criteria.

Wages and Benefits:

MidFirst is encouraged to pay each on-campus employee a wage that is the highest of (a) the legal
minimum wage, (b) the prevailing wage for that industry in the state or region, (c) the wage that is
comparable to the wage paid by the University for similar types of work or (d) a wage that enables
employees to meet basic needs, including food, housing, health care, transportation and educational
opportunity. In the interest of Arizona taxpayers, MidFirst should aspire to provide compensation in the
form of wages and benefits that do not force employees to depend upon publicly funded social services.

Environmental Responsibility:

Safeguarding the environment for the benefit of all peoples now and in the future is a matter of increasing
concern in the academic community as well as in society generally. MidFirst shall make every effort to
demonstrate environmentally responsible practices and production methods, and meet well-established
certification standards. This would include minimization of waste products, use of post-consumer
recycled materials, energy efficiency, and the durability, biodegradability and reparability of the products
purchases from the vendor by the University.

Employee Education and Training:

MidFirst shall provide a working environment that encourages workers to take advantage of educational
enhancement opportunities at the University or elsewhere. MidFirst is encouraged to allow flexibility in
work schedules to accommodate those workers who wish to pursue programs of study that may interfere
with regular work hours. MidFirst is encouraged to maintain company sponsored scholarship, paid leave,
or tuition support programs and reduce financial barriers to attaining education. Training programs
should promote competency in current employee jobs and should seek to provide training in skill sets
required for promotion to a higher level position, including English language training programs.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 22 of 26

