This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the law of the State of Oklahoma (without regard to its
conflicts of law principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Oklahoma.

10. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Bank or the University, the other Party
may terminate this Agreement by giving notice and the opportunity to cure, as provided herein, to the
breaching Party. This notice shall: (i) describe the material breach; and (ii) state the non-breaching Party's
intention to terminate this Agreement if such breach is not cured within the specified time period. If the
breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of
notice (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate after expiration of the Cure Period.

_ (h) If either Bank or the University becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets; it is
unable to meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due; it is adjudicated
insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding; it makes an assignment for the
benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the other Party may
immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon termination of this Agreement and subject to Section 4(c), Bank shall cease to use the
Trademarks within a commercially reasonable time period as mutually agreed upon by the Parties. Bank
agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to
the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. However, Bank may conclude all solicitation that
is required by law.

11. PRIOR AGREEMENT

The MidFirst Bank Affinity Agreement Retail Banking Services and Products for the University of
Oklahoma, entered into between the Parties effective July 1, 2007, is hereby superseded and terminated
effective as of the date hereof and shall be without further force or effect.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both Parties hereto.
(b) The failure of any Party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver

of such right or any other rights.

(c) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of
this Agreement.
(d) If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or unenforceable by

any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or
unenforceable part had not been contained herein. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith a new,
binding provision that most closely resembles the Parties' original intent to replace the former,
nonbinding provision.

(e) All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given: (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery, facsimile (with regular mail follow-up) or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3)
business days after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All
notices shall be addressed as follows:

(1) If to the University:

University of Oklahoma
