3. BANKING RELATIONSHIP ELEMENT - AFFINITY CREDIT CARD

3.1. For the Term of this Agreement, MidFirst shall be the exclusive provider of Affinity Credit
Cards for the University (the "Affinity Credit Card Program"). The Affinity Credit Card Program will be
offered to University Alumni, University faculty and staff, parents of University students, Sun Devil Athletic
fans and other friends or supporters of the University.

32. In exchange for the exclusive right to offer the Affinity Credit Card Program, University
will earn the Royalties contemplated in Section 6.

4. AFFINITY CREDIT CARDS MARKETING PROGRAM

Subject to the Exception, University grants MidFirst the exclusive right to market, promote, offer and
administer the Affinity Credit Card or any other credit card that is offered in combination with the Marks.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the University may enter into traditional print advertising contracts with
other banking or financial institutions provided there is no express endorsement by the University of any
credit card, debit card or checking account that may be advertised and there is no usage of the
University?s Marks. In conjunction with that right, the Parties agree to the following marketing program:

4.1. MidFirst shall collaborate with University on the initial credit card plastic designs and prior
to making any appearance changes to the approved Affinity Credit Card product. Pursuant to MidFirst?s
agreement with its credit card provider (FNBO or MidFirst?s then existing credit card provider), MidFirst
and its then existing credit card provider will be responsible for establishing and making changes to all
other features of the Affinity Credit Card product.

4.2. To the extent MidFirst desires to change its credit card provider, so long as such
replacement credit card provider (i) has sufficient capability and financial credit worthiness which allows it
to provide the same or better services provided to University by MidFirst's immediately preceding credit
card provider, (ii) will comply with the requirements of Paragraph 7 in Exhibit "B" attached hereto and
incorporated herein by this reference, and (iii) will provide credit card services required by this Agreement
with respect to the Affinity Credit Card, then MidFirst shall be permitted to change credit card providers
upon providing written verification to University that the three (3) foregoing conditions are met by the
replacement credit card provider.

4.3. MidFirst agrees to conduct, at its sole cost and expense, a minimum of two (2) direct mail
campaigns per calendar year, for the Term of the Agreement, to the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List
promoting the Affinity Credit Card. University shall use reasonable efforts to provide current addresses
for the University Alumni and faculty/staff when it provides the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List to
MidFirst. Such direct mail campaigns may take the form of an invitation to apply or a prequalified mailing.
The timing and type of campaign shall be determined by mutual agreement of the Parties. MidFirst shall
conduct, at its sole expense, a third calendar year direct mail campaign to the Alumni List and
Faculty/Staff List if the number of new Affinity Credit Card Accounts opened as a result of the first direct
mail campaign and the number of new Affinity Credit Card Accounts opened as a result of the second
direct mail campaign each equal or exceed the Threshold Conversion Rate. If the number of new Affinity
Credit Card Accounts opened as a result of the third direct mail campaign achieves the Threshold
Conversion Rate, MidFirst agrees to conduct, at its sole expense, a fourth calendar year direct mail
campaign to the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List. No telemarketing shall be permitted directly from use
of the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List, provided that MidFirst reserves its right to market (including, but
not limited to telemarketing) its products and services to those persons on such Lists after they become
MidFirst customers or customers of MidFirst's then current credit card provider under this Agreement.

4.4, The Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List collectively shall contain at least one hundred fifty
thousand (150,000) or more names each time such Lists are provided to MidFirst. University will provide
the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List to MidFirst, at a minimum, on a quarterly basis. University will
provide the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List within thirty (30) days of the end of the applicable quarter.
University agrees to perform a review of each Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List to be provided by

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 4 of 26

