ALUMNI

ASSOCIATION

delays in transit or delivery, or any event beyond its reasonable control or
without its fault or negligence.

13. NO WAIVER

13.1

14. TAXES
14.1

No waiver by either Party of any breach of the provisions of this Agreement
by the other Party shall in any way be construed to be a waiver of any
future breach or bar either Party?s right to insist on strict performance of
the provisions in this Agreement.

Any and all assessment, tax, imposts of any nature including, without
limitation, real or personal property taxes, sales taxes or use tax associated
with the transaction(s) contemplated by this Agreement shall be the
responsibility of the Party assessed or charged.

15. INDEMNITY

15.1

To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Party (?Indemnitor?) shall
defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other Party (?Indemnitee?), its
directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns
from any and all claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, and costs
(including reasonable attorneys? fees) which results from or arises out of
negligent or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitor, its officers, agents
or employees, in the performance of this Agreement. Each Party will give
the other Party prompt written notice of any claim, suit, action, damage,
judgment or cost coming within scope of these indemnities. Upon the
written request of an Indemnitee, the Indemnitor will assume the defense
of any claim, demand or action against the Indemnitee and will permit the
Indemnitee, at the Indemnitee?s expense, to participate in the defense
claim. Settlement by the Indemnitee without the Indemnitor?s prior written
consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, will release the
Indemnitor form the indemnity of the claim, demand or action so settled.
Termination of this Agreement will not affect the continuing obligations of
the parties as indemnitors under this Agreement. Each Party shall carry
commercial general liability insurance policies to cover the liabilities set
forth in the Agreement, in sufficient amounts satisfactory to each Party, but
at a minimum of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate.
The Parties shall, upon request, provide each other with insurance
certificates showing that proper insurance is in place and in effect.

16. AGREEMENT

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
