5. ROYALTIES

(a) On or as soon after the Effective Date of this Agreement as is practicable, and on each subsequent
anniversary date, Bank shall pay Royalties to the University in the amounts set for below.

Agreement Royalty
Year

Pt $405,000
P65 $388,000_
Ps | 007,100,
p93 $417,000,
P10 [$427,300

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank reserves the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program and its terms and features.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, the Mailing List and any proposal, financial information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other Party to any
other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement, as required by operation of law, or as
mutually agreed in writing.

(b) Bank and the University shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants,
legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of their respective
duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information as confidential and (ii) as required by law
or requested by any governmental regulatory authority.

(c) Bank specifically recognizes that the University is a state agency and is subject to the Oklahoma
Open Records Act.

(d) The University will not have access to any Bank Customer Information. If, at any time, the
University should request access to Bank Customer Information, the Parties will agree in a separate written
agreement to the terms of confidentiality, usage and destruction of information.

8. TERM

The initial term of this Agreement is ten (10) years and will begin on the Effective Date and end on June
30, 2027. The University is permitted during the last twelve (12) months of the term of this Agreement to
engage in discussions concerning prospective Retail Banking Services and Products that would be effective
upon the expiration of this Agreement.

9. GOVERNING STATE LAW
