"University" means University of Maryland and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with University of Maryland, including but not limited to the athletic department and
the office of student affairs of University of Maryland.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF CREDIT UNION

(a)

(0)

()

d)

ea)

(g)

(h)

Credit Union, at its own cost, will design, develop, maintain, and administer the
Program for the participants.

Credit Union will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials
used in the Program except for materials used in any Alumni Association
Marketing Effort (as defined in Section 12(a) herein), Credit Union reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the
Program that may be developed by or on behalf of Alumni Association.

Credit Union will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the
Program except for materials used in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort.

Credit Union will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with
respect to each Customer's account(s) independently of Alumni Association.

Credit Union will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in
a manner consistent with this Agreement and will not permit those entities
handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose. Credit Union will
have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of Alumni Association; however, Credit Union may maintain
separately and will own all information that it obtains as a result of an account
relationship or an application for an account relationship. Such information shall
become a part of Credit Union's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement;
provided, however, that Credit Union will not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by Alumni Association.

Subject to applicable law and regulation, Credit Union shall be authorized to
place Trademarks on gifts for members completing applications and on other
premium items suitable in Credit Union?s judgment for the solicitation of
applications for Credit Card Services. Alumni Association retains the right to
approve the use and appearance of the Trademarks used on such materials
pursuant to Section 3(d).

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, Alumni
Association acknowledges and agrees that Credit Union may market any
Financial Service Products or services that Credit Union or any Credit Union
Affiliate offers (?.g., credit cards) contemporaneously with the promotion of
Deposits and that such Credit Union products are not subject to this Agreement.

Credit Union may periodically include messages or inserts in mailing distributed

by Alumni Association to participants, subject to Alumni Associations approval.
Page 4 of 22

CONFIDENTIAL

