1

m

or compromise any Claim, provided that the Credit Union Indemnified Parties shall have
the right to approve any settlement or compromise that reduces the rights or benefits of
the Credit Union Indemnified Parties under this Agreement, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

TERM

The initial term of this Agreement will be for five (5) years, beginning on the Effective
Date and ending on December 31, 2022.. This Agreement will automatically renew for
one additional five (5) period through December 31, 2027, at the present Royalty
schedule set forth in Schedule ?A? unless either party provides written notice of
termination to the other on or before July 1, 2022.

. GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Illinois.

. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Credit Union or Alumni
Association, and the unabated continuance of default for sixty (60) days after
delivery of written notice by the non-breaching party (the ?Cure Period?), the
non-breaching party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement by delivery of
written notice of termination to the breaching party. A notice of default must
include a description of the alleged material breach.

(b) If either Credit Union or Alumni Association becomes insolvent in that its
liabilities exceed its assets or it is unable to meet or it has ceased paying its
obligations as they generally become due, or it is adjudicated insolvent, or takes
advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment
for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation, then the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Credit Union shall,
except as set forth in Section 11(d) herein, cease to use the Trademarks for
Program marketing purposes, although Credit Union may conclude all
solicitations required by law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, Credit Union will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists.

(d) ~~ Credit Union will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in
connection with, relating or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement to be communicated by Alumni Association or any Alumni
Association Affiliate to the Members; provided, however, that Credit Union's
review and approval shall be limited to a determination that the content is
factually accurate, complies with any obligation of confidentiality between the
parties, and does not criticize, disparage, condemn or impugn the reputation or

Page 12 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
