UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This Affinity Agreement (the "Agreement") is made this __ day of September, 2017 by and
between University of Illinois Community Credit Union, a credit union chartered under the laws
of the State of Illinois, having its principal place of business at 2201 S. First St, Champaign,
Illinois 61820 (?Credit Union?), and the University of Maryland Alumni Association, a
corporation having its principal place of business in College Park, Maryland ("Alumni
Association"), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns. Alumni Association is
a membership organization of persons who have attended or have a strong affinity for the
University of Maryland (the ?University?),

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, Alumni Association and Credit Union agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RECITALS

The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Agreement.

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have
the meaning ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Active Customer Account" means a Credit Card Account or Account (as defined below)
through which the Customer has made at least one (1) purchase or cash advance during the prior
ninety (90) days. :

?Affiliate" means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control with" means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

"Agreement" means this Affinity Agreement and all Schedules attached hereto and
incorporated by reference therein.

"Alumni Association Affiliate" means any Affiliate of Alumni Association

"Applicable Law" means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

"Contract Year" means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

