Association hereby indemnifies, defends and holds harmless Credit Union, its
directors, officers, agents, employees, Affiliates, successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims, including reasonable attorneys?
fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith, arising from or suffered due
to Alumni Association?s breach of the representations and warranties stated herein
and the Credit Union?s use of the Licensed Trademarks or-Marketing List(s) in
reliance thereon for the Program. Each party will promptly notify the other party
upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any
Licensed Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

Credit Union?s obligations set forth in this Agreement are expressly conditioned
upon Credit Union receiving and maintaining requisite regulatory approval for
expanded field of membership which encompasses Member(s) as defined herein
as eligible for Credit Union membership. If Credit Union fails.to obtain or
maintain regulatory approval, Credit Union may terminate this Agreement
without damages or further Royalty obligation to Alumni Association.

5. ROYALTIES

(a)

(b)

During the term of this Agreement, Credit Union will pay Royalties to Alumni
Association. Royalties will not be paid until Alumni Association completes and
delivers a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form
(e.g., W-8) to Credit Union. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A,
payment of Royalties due (along with the delivery of Credit Union?s Royalty
report) will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each
calendar quarter. Alumni Association acknowledges and agrees that it shall be
solely responsible for payment of any and all consideration or compensation as
may become due to or required by any other person or entity, including without
limitation, University in connection with this Agreement or the Program. The
parties to this Agreement acknowledge that Royalties shall be deemed earned
when paid.

If at any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any card network's
interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with
all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more than a de minimis
adverse impact on Credit Union's businesses (including the businesses of any
Credit Union Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Credit Union in its sole discretion ("Impact"), then Credit Union
may notify Alumni Association in writing of Credit Union's desire to renegotiate
the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the
Impact. If, within thirty (30) business days after Alumni Association's receipt of
Credit Union's notice, the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an
addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the
Impact, Credit Union shall have the right to terminate either the Credit Card
Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to Alumni
Association, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. For the avoidance of
doubt, if the Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as

Page 9 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
