INDEMNIFICATION/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(a) By Credit Union:

Credit Union hereby defends, indemnifies, and holds harmless the Alumni Association,
and its respective officers, directors, trustees, managers, employees, agents and assigns
(the ?Alumini Association Indemnified Parties?) from any and all losses, damages,
judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys? fees and
litigation expenses, arising from any allegations asserted by a third party, including any
governmental agency or officer, (a Claim?) that if proven to be true, would constitute a
breach by the Credit Union of its duties, obligations, representations or warranties set
forth in this Agreement or any Schedule thereto. In the event of any Claim, an Alumni
Association Indemnified Party shall provide the Credit Union with prompt written notice
of the Claim, and a copy of any complaint, petition, or other written documents setting
forth the Claim. The Alumni Association Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with the
Credit Union on reasonable terms and conditions in the defense or settlement of any
Claim. The Credit Union shall have the right and duty to engage legal counsel to defend
or settle any Claim; provided that the Alumni Association Indemnified Parties shall have
the right to engage at their expense separate legal counsel to monitor the defense or
settlement of any Claim. The Credit Union shall have the right to settle or compromise
any Claim, provided Alumni Association shall have the right to approve any settlement or
compromise that reduces the rights or benefits of Alumni Association or Alumni
Association Indemnified Parties under this Agreement, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Credit Union?s cumulative liability for
any loss or damage, direct or indirect, for any cause whatsoever (including, but not
limited to those arising out of or related to this Agreement) with respect to Claims
defined herein, shall not under any circumstances exceed the amount of the revenue
earned by Credit Union pursuant to this Agreement for the immediately preceding year.

(b) By Alumni Association:

Alumni Association hereby defends, indemnifies, and holds harmless the Credit Union,
and its respective officers, directors, trustees, managers, employees, agents and assigns
(the ?Credit Union Indemnified Parties?) from any and all losses, damages, judgments,
penalties, fines, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees and litigation
expenses, arising from any allegations asserted by a third party (a ?Claim?) that if proven
to be true, would constitute a breach by Alumni Association of its duties, obligations,
representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement or any Schedule thereto. In the
event of any Claim, a Credit Union Indemnified Party shall provide Alumni Association
with prompt written notice of the Claim, and a copy of any complaint, petition, or other
written documents setting forth the Claim. The Credit Union Indemnified Parties shall
cooperate with Alumni Association on reasonable terms and conditions in the defense or
settlement of any Claim. Alumni Association shall have the right and duty to engage
legal counsel to defend or settle any Claim; provided that the Credit Union Indemnified
Parties shall have the right to engage at their expense separate legal counsel to monitor
the defense or settlement of any Claim. Alumni Association shall have the right to settle

Page 11 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL

