are not limited to, late fees, returned check fees, over limit fees, overdraft advance fees, payment dishonored fees, credit
insurance premiums, cash advance fees, balance consolidation fees, collection costs and administrative fees); (b) the amount
of all balance transfer transactions and balance transfer fees (which include the use of special checks or offers); (c) the
amount of all cash advance transactions and/or cash advance transaction fees (which include the use of special checks or
offers); (d) the amount of all overdraft advance transactions and/or overdraft advance fees (which include the use of special
checks or offers); and (e) purchase transactions on any Account that is 30 or more days past due.

?Network Rules? means the bylaws, procedures, rules, standards and regulations of any Network, and any determination
or finding of a Network, applicable to or binding upon a party?s duties or obligations with respect to the Program.

?Person? means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, joint venture, company, bank, trust,
unincorporated organization, government or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof.

?Program? means the credit card and charge card program established pursuant to this Agreement including, but not
limited to, all aspects of the solicitation, marketing, underwriting, delivery, administration, servicing, collection and
termination of the Accounts and other related products and services through any medium as well as the respective obligations
of the parties under the Agreement.

?Program Year? means the twelve-calendar month period of time commencing with the Effective Date and each
succeeding twelve calendar month period of time during the Term.

?Recipient? means the party receiving Confidential Information.

?First Renewal Term? means the first three-year period following the conclusion of the Initial Term.

?Subsequent Renewal Term? means any subsequent one-year period following the conclusion of the Initial Term and the
First Renewal Term.

?Subcontractor? means any Person that has a business arrangement with CSU, by contract or otherwise, to perform duties,
conduct activities or provide services, or has any other responsibilities or obligations related to the Program in any way.
?Term? means the Initial Term and each Renewal Term and Subsequent Renewal Term.

SECTION 2: MARKETING

2.1 Solicitations. CSU authorizes CANVAS to conduct marketing and solicitations for Affinity Rewards Card
Accounts to Persons on any Alumni and Friends List provided to CANVAS or referred to CANVAS by CSU. CSU
acknowledges that CANVAS will, upon subsequent mutual agreement of the parties, conduct marketing and solicitation
through direct mail, telemarketing, internet promotions, electronic mail messages, website links, promotional events and
other channels. CANVAS is under no obligation to solicit all Persons on any Alumni and Friends List as individuals may
need to be screened to qualify for Affinity Rewards Card Accounts.

2.2 Marketing Schedule. CANVAS will submit a Marketing Schedule each year. ?Marketing Schedule? means the
number of times that CANVAS can contact CSU Alumni and Friends through various means. The Marketing Schedule must
be mutually agreed upon with thirty (30) days of CSU receipt of such schedule.

2.3 Alumni and Friends Lists. CSU shall provide CANVAS with an Alumni and Friends List within (30) days of a
receipt of request from CANVAS during the Term. As between CANVAS and CSU, CSU is the sole and exclusive owner
of the Alumni and Friends Lists and the Alumni and Friends Lists are CSU?s Confidential Information. CSU grants
CANVAS a limited, non-exclusive and royalty free license to use the Alumni and Friends Lists during the Term for Program
purposes. Without CSU?s prior written approval, CANVAS shall not attempt to assemble or compile any list of Alumni and
Friends who are not already members of CANVAS to be used for any purpose other than as strictly related to the Program.

2.4 CSU?s Participation. CSU agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to support and endorse any agreed upon
marketing and solicitation of Accounts and to reasonably cooperate with CANVAS in promoting the Program. At each
current and future CSU location where the parties agree that Accounts may be solicited, CSU agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts to: (a) train its CSU Employees on the features and benefits of Accounts and Cards and required
disclosures; (b) utilize its personnel and resources to solicit Accounts and market Cards; (c) continuously and prominently
display brochures and other applicable Marketing Materials. For avoidance of doubt, CANVAS will perform and execute
the direct mail solicitations using the Alumni and Friends List provided by CSU with the CSU?s cooperation in the process
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and CSU will perform and execute email solicitations using templates and
other marketing collateral created by CANVAS in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.5 Electronic Mail Messages. CSU agrees, acknowledges, represents, and warrants that for all commercial electronic
mail messages that CSU sends advertising, promoting, or sponsoring the Program, CSU shall: (a) comply with all
requirements of the CAN-SPAM Acct of 2003, 15 U.S.C. ?7701 et. seq., and its implementing regulations, as amended from
time to time (?CAN-SPAM Act?); (b) be and serve as the ?designated sender? for purposes of the CAN-SPAM Act for any
commercial electronic mail message that promotes or advertises CSU?s products, services, or internet website in addition

