JOINT MARKETING AGREEMENT
This Joint Marketing Agreement (?Agreement?) effective on the last date of signature (?Effective Date?) is made by and
between Canvas Credit Union (?CANVAS?) with an address of 9990 Park Meadows Drive, Lone Tree CO 80124 and The
Board of Governors of the Colorado State University System, acting by and through Colorado State University, for the
benefit of the Alumni Association (?CSU?) with an address of 7114 Campus Delivery, Fort Collins, CO 80523-7114.
RECITALS:
WHEREAS, CANVAS was selected pursuant to ITN-2020-019-LM Credit Card for CSUAA;

WHEREAS, CANVAS submitted and CSU accepted an Affinity Rewards Mastercard Proposal dated December 1, 2020
and amended December 4, 2020, with the intention of negotiating this final Agreement;

WHEREAS, CANVAS issues credit cards and charge cards as well as offers related products and services;

WHEREAS, CANVAS desires to provide credit cards and charge cards as well as related products and services to CSU
Alumni and Friends pursuant to this new Agreement;

WHEREAS, CSU desires to provide its Alumni and Friends with access to such products and services; and

WHEREAS, CSU and CANVAS have agreed to allow CANVAS to provide such cards and related products and services
to CSU alumni and friends under the terms and conditions herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

SECTION 1: DEFINITIONS

1.1 Incorporation of Recitals. The foregoing recitals are incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement.

1.2 Definitions. In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

?Account? means any credit card or charge card account originated pursuant to this Agreement.

?Activated? means a Cardholder has validly used an Account to make a purchase, cash advance or balance transfer within
ninety calendar days from the origination of the Account.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to an entity, another entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or
controlled by, or is under common ownership or common control with the first entity.

?Alumni and Friends? means any Person who or which has or had a relationship with CSU.

?Alumni and Friends List? means a listing of the names and addresses of Alumni and Friends, along with any other
mutually agreed upon information. The Alumni and Friends List shall exclude (a) Alumni and Friends who have not reached
the age of majority; (b) Alumni and Friends who have exercised their right under Applicable Law to opt-out of marketing
solicitations (or failed to opt-in where so required by Applicable Law); and (c) Alumni and Friends who have opted out of
marketing solicitations pursuant to CSU?s policies.

?Applicable Law? means any law, regulation or determination of a governmental authority including, but not limited to,
regulatory guidance in the form of opinion letters or bulletins applicable to this Agreement or the duties and obligations of
the parties under the Program including consumer protection laws.

?Business Day? means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, a federal holiday or a day on which federally-insured credit
unions located in the state of Colorado are required or authorized by law or regulatory order to close pursuant to 12 U.S.C.
? 95.

?Card? means any credit card or charge card issued by CANVAS pursuant to this Agreement in connection with an
Account.

?Cardholder? means a Person to whom an Account is issued or a Person authorized by the Cardholder to use any Card or
Account.
