(d)

(?)

(f)

(g)

Credit Union shall not target market University undergraduate students for
participation in the Program during the term of this Agreement; however, nothing
contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Credit Union from fulfilling a
University student's request for Credit Card Services offered under the Program.
In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2(c) to the
contrary, Credit Union shall not be deemed in breach of this Section 2(c) for
soliciting any individual contained in any Marketing List provided by Alumni
Association for participation in the Program.

Alumni Association will have the right of prior approval of all Program
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or relating to the Program to be
used by Credit Union. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed more than 30 days, except that the Credit Union may use Alumni
Association?s name on monthly statements and other correspondence from Credit
Union to a Customer relating to the Customer?s account without prior approval
from Alumni Association. If Credit Union incurs a cost because of a change in the
Trademarks at the request of the Alumni Association (e.g., the cost of reissuing
new credit cards). Credit Union may deduct such costs from any Royalties due
Alumni Association. If such costs exceed Royalties then due Alumni Association,
if requested by Credit Union, Alumni Association will promptly reimburse Credit
Union for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Credit
Union, Alumni Association will provide Credit Union with current Alumni
demographics to include but not limited to data points such, total unique emails
on file, total living members, total paying members, geographic data points. First
to be provided as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after the
Effective Date of this Agreement.

Alumni Association will, and will cause any Alumni Association Affiliates to,
only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Credit Union's prior written approval, except
for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Credit Union to
Alumni Association. Notwithstanding the above, Alumni Association may
respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an
individual basis, if said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Credit Union to Alumni Association. Any
correspondence received by Alumni Association that is intended for Credit Union
(e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the
Credit Union account executive via secure email, fax, or overnight courier within
twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by Alumni Association will be paid by Credit Union.

Alumni Association hereby grants Credit Union and its Affiliates a limited,
license or sublicense, as applicable, to use the Licensed Trademarks and any
variations thereof displayed on Schedule B with the Program. Credit Union may
transfer such license or sublicense to its assignee as provided in this Agreement

Page 6 of 24
