THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This Affinity Agreement (the "Agreement") is made this 31? day of December, 2020 by and
between the University of Illinois Community Credit Union, a credit union chartered under the
laws of the State of Illinois, having its principal place of business at 2201 S. First St, Champaign,
Illinois 61820 (?Credit Union?), and The University of Illinois Alumni Association, an Illinois
not-for-profit corporation having its principal place of business at 601 S. Lincoln Ave. Urbana,
Illinois 61801 ("Alumni Association"), for themselves and their respective successors and
assigns. Alumni Association is a membership organization of persons who have attended or have
a strong affinity for the University of Illinois (the ?University?).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, Alumni Association and Credit Union agree as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS AND RECITALS
The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Agreement.

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have
the meaning ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Active Customer Account" means a Credit Card Account or Account (as defined below)
through which the Customer has made at least one (1) purchase or cash advance during the prior
ninety (90) days.

?Affiliate" means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control with" means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

"Agreement" means this Affinity Agreement and all Schedules attached hereto and
incorporated by reference therein.

"Alumni Association Affiliate" means any Affiliate of Alumni Association.

"Applicable Law" means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Auto Loan Program ? means those automobile loan programs and services and the promotion
thereof Credit Union agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to Members from time to time,
originated by a Group Incentive Program.
