to the Program, and (c) fulfill all requirements and obligations under the CAN-SPAM Act necessary for CSU?s classification
as the ?designated sender? of such commercial electronic mail messages.

2.6 Applications. CANVAS agrees to process all applications from Alumni and Friends submitted on CANVAS?s
approved forms or through CANVAS approved channels. All decisions regarding the approval of applications will be made
in CANVAS?s sole and absolute discretion. CSU shall not impose any fees whatsoever on applicants for Accounts or
Cardholders.

2.7 Marketing Materials. CANVAS may provide, at its expense, electronic brochures, and other marketing collateral
for use by CSU?s Marketing Materials under the Program shall be created and approved by CANVAS and may contain
CSU Marks. CSU shall not create, disseminate or use any Marketing Materials, materials promoting the Program or other
Program materials without the approval and express prior written consent of CANVAS as to the form, content, process and
use. CSU must approve all Marketing Materials prior distribution or publication.

2.8 License. CSU hereby grants to CANVAS for the Term (and for such additional period as is detailed in this
Agreement) a non-exclusive and royalty-free license to use CSU?s Marks for Program purposes including use by CANVAS
and its subcontractors. CSU will provide CANVAS with print-ready artwork of the CSU Marks in accordance with
CANVAS?s specifications for use in the Program. CSU will not use any references to CANVAS, Accounts, Cards, card
related products or services or the Program without CANVAS?s prior written authorization (including by email) and
CANVAS?s approval of the form, content, specifications, and quality thereof.

2.9 Non-Solicitation. During the Term and except as otherwise provided, CANVAS shall not use the Alumni and
Friends List to solicit for (a) retail or commercial banking deposit account products, and (b) retail investment products and
services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall prohibit CANVAS or its Affiliates from: (1) soliciting any product
or service to Alumni and Friends that are members of CANVAS or its Affiliates; (2) soliciting any product or service to
Alumni and Friends if such Alumni and Friends? contact information was obtained through any independent source or if a
Alumni and Friends approaches CANVAS; and (c) soliciting CANVAS credit and charge card related products and services
associated with an Account.

2.10 Publicity. (a) Except as required under Applicable Law, all press releases, public announcements, and public
disclosures by either party relating to this Program or Agreement shall be coordinated with and approved by the other party ,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to release.

SECTION 3: ACCOUNTS

3.1 Accounts, Account Terms & Conditions and Rewards. CANVAS agrees to originate Accounts for Persons as
determined by CANVAS from time to time in CANVAS?s sole discretion. Accounts are CANVAS?s sole and exclusive
property (subject to the participation or other interests CANVAS may grant to others) and CSU is not a co-lender or joint
owner of the Accounts and has no right or interest in the Accounts. CANVAS has sole responsibility and control over the
terms and conditions on which CANVAS establishes and maintains Accounts and extends credit, and CANVAS may, in its
sole discretion, change these terms and conditions at any time, including, without limitation, terms and conditions pertaining
to solicitation and application procedures, credit criteria and evaluation, annual fees, promotional rates, Alumni and Friends
agreements, disclosures and all servicing, default, fraud, collection, termination policies and procedures, and other terms,
conditions and agreements between CANVAS and Cardholders which govern Accounts. CANVAS will make available a
rewards program for Cardholders which will be subject to its terms and conditions and will be administered and funded by
CANVAS, and such rewards program including the main terms related thereto are listed in Schedule A, Cardholders are
eligible to earn points in such rewards program based on spending through Accounts.

3.2 Websites. CANVAS and CSU will mutually agree upon the quantity, location, operation and other specifications
of hyperlinks between the CANVAS Website and CSU Website as part of the Marketing Schedule. This icon will take
Persons to a secure landing page where they can review the benefits of the Program and apply for the card. In the event a
party reasonably believes that any hyperlink with the website of the other party may create a security risk, such party may
disable the hyperlinks to mitigate such risk. Upon a party taking such action it shall promptly notify the other party of the
action taken and the reason for concern, and the parties shall work in good faith to promptly address any security risk and
restore such links. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, CANVAS has no responsibility with respect to (a)
interruptions or inoperability of CANVAS Website; (b) interaction or interconnection of CANVAS Website or systems with
CSU Website or systems; (c) interaction or interconnection of CSU Website or systems; or (d) unauthorized access to, or
theft, alteration, loss or destruction of CSU Website or systems.

3.3 Cardholder Communications. CSU has no right or authority to receive on CANVAS?s behalf notices or other
communications from Cardholders including, without limitation, billing error notices and complaints. If CSU receives any
such notice or communication intended for CANVAS, CSU will promptly forward such notices and communications to

