"Reward GIP Account" means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni
Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

"Royalties" means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.

"Trademarks" means any trademark, design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, collective membership mark, or service mark, trade name, trade dress, owned by or
Licensed to the Alumni Association prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

"University" means University of Illinois and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with University of Illinois, including but not limited to the athletic department and the
office of student affairs of University of Illinois. For clarity, ?University? does not include the
University of Illinois Springfield, or University of Illinois at Chicago.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF CREDIT UNION

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

()

(f)

Credit Union, at its own cost, will design, develop, maintain, and administer the
Program for the participants.

Credit Union will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials
used in the Program except for materials used in any Alumni Association
Marketing Effort (as defined in Section 12(a) herein). Credit Union reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the
Program that may be developed by or on behalf of Alumni Association.

Credit Union will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the
Program except for materials used in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort.

Credit Union will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with
respect to each Customer's account(s) independently of Alumni Association.

Credit Union will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in
a manner consistent with this Agreement and will not permit those entities
handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose. Credit Union will
have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional materia! will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of Alumni Association; however, Credit Union may maintain
separately and will own all information that it obtains as a result of an account
relationship or an application for an account relationship. Such information shall
become a part of Credit Union's files and shal! not be subject to this Agreement;
provided, however, that Credit Union will not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by Alumni Association.

Subject to applicable law and regulation, Credit Union shall be authorized to
place Licensed Trademarks and Program Trademarks on gifts for members
completing applications and on other premium items suitable in Credit Union?s
judgment for the solicitation of applications for Credit Card Services. Alumni

Page 4 of 24
