4.7 Marketing Materials. Upon termination of this Agreement, CSU will promptly: (a) destroy all Marketing Materials
and all other Program materials in the possession or control of CSU; and (b) delete, remove, discontinue and cease all
solicitations of Cards and Accounts.

SECTION 5: COMPENSATION

5.1 Compensation. During the Term, CANVAS will pay CSU the Compensation set forth in the attached
Compensation Schedule, which is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. The yearly guarantee will
be paid within the first quarter of each Program Year while any additional compensation will be paid on a quarterly basis
and accompanied by CANVAS?s standard Compensation reports. Notwithstanding the foregoing if the Compensation
earned by the CSU in any quarter is less than Twenty-Five Dollars ($25), such compensation will be carried forward and
aggregated with Compensation earned by CSU in subsequent quarters and will only be paid to the CSU in that quarter in
which the aggregate total Compensation earned by CSU is greater than or equal to Twenty-Five Dollars ($25). CANVAS
will not pay CSU any duplicate Compensation for Accounts including, without limitation, Accounts established: (a) due to
the loss or theft of a Card; (b) due to an upgrade of an existing Account; or (c) due to multiple Cards or accounts being
issued or established under a single Account or Person.

5.2 Interchange. In the event that the amount of Interchange Income received by CANVAS or any applicable
Network interchange rate(s) determined and utilized by CANVAS for net purchase transactions associated with the
Accounts is decreased due to Applicable Law, Network requirement, the settlement of litigation or any other reason,
CANVAS may, upon 30 days? advance written notice to CSU, decrease the Compensation paid to CSU by a commensurate
amount or percentage, as applicable.

5.3 Effect_of Termination. Termination of this Agreement for any reason terminates CSU?s right to receive
Compensation, provided that previously accrued and unpaid Compensation will be reconciled and paid to the effective date
of termination.

5.4 Third Parties. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will CANVAS be obligated
to pay any Compensation, expenses, fees, costs or other amounts whatsoever to any Subcontractor or Person other than CSU
as a result of this Agreement or the Program.

5.5 Reporting. CANVAS shall provide mutually agreed upon reporting quarterly identifying at a minimum the number
of accounts created, the volume and rewards earned on those accounts and identification of how those accounts were
generated.

SECTION 6: PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

6.1 Marks. Each party retains all right, title and interest in and to its own Marks. No party shall have any right or
interest in or use the other party?s Marks except as specified in this Agreement. CSU acknowledges each Network?s
ownership of its respective Marks.

6.2 CANVAS Proprietary Rights. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement
shall be construed to grant CSU any right, title, interest, or license in, to or under the CANVAS Proprietary Rights (which
are the sole property of CANVAS or an Affiliate of CANVAS). As between CANVAS and CSU, CANVAS is the sole and
exclusive owner of CANVAS Proprietary Rights or has the right to use such CANVAS Proprietary Rights and such
CANVAS Proprietary Rights are CANVAS?s confidential and proprietary information and trade secret.

6.3 CSU Proprietary Rights. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement shall
be construed to grant CANVAS any right, title, interest, or license in, to or under the CSU Proprietary Rights (which are
the sole property of CSU). As between CSU and CANVAS, CSU is the sole and exclusive owner of its Proprietary Rights
and such Proprietary Rights are CSU?s confidential and proprietary information and trade secret.

SECTION 7: CONFIDENTIALITY

7.1 Use and Confidentiality of Confidential Information. Recipient shall: (a) use Confidential Information solely
for performing its obligations under this Agreement; (b) not directly or indirectly disclose Confidential Information to any
third party unless expressly permitted or required by this Agreement; and (c) take reasonable steps to protect the
confidentiality of Confidential Information, using the same standard of care used to protect its own similar confidential
information, but in no event using a standard of care considered less than reasonable under the circumstances. Upon request
by Discloser, Recipient shall promptly destroy Confidential Information or return Confidential Information to Discloser in
the same format as Discloser provided Confidential Information to Recipient. Nothing herein shall be construed to grant

