"Information" has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Licensed Trademarks? means the Trademarks set forth on Schedule B that are licensed to
Credit Union for use in connection with the Program on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

"Marketing List" means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Credit Union)
containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses, when available) and
e-mail addresses of all Members segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership
characteristics.

"Member" means (1) alumni of the University, (ii) members of Alumni Association, (iii)
friends, faculty and staff of the University, (iv) fans, ticket holders, donors and contributors of
any University athletic team or athletic department, (v) athletic booster club members, and/or
(vi) other potential participants mutually agreed to by Alumni Association and Credit Union.

"Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

"Premium Reward Enhancement" means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Credit Union and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may
be marketed under a name (e.g., My Illinois Rewards?), as determined by Credit Union from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

"Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which Alumni Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

"Program" means those programs and financial services, and the promotion thereof, that the
Credit Union and Alumni Association agree that Credit Union may offer to Members pursuant to
this Agreement from time to time.

"Program Trademarks" means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed jointly during the term of this Agreement and
used to promote or identify products or services offered by Credit Union through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of Licensed Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

"Qualifying GIP Account" means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium
Reward GIP Account which is opened through the custom application platform, remains open for
at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer within the first ninety
(90) consecutive days of the GIP Account's, Reward GIP Account's or Premium Reward GIP
Account's opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not subsequently
rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

"Reward Account" means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
"Reward Enhancement" means a reward enhancement as provided through Credit Union and

offered as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (c.g.,
Alumni Points), as determined by Credit Union from time to time, in its sole discretion.

Page 3 of 24
