CANVAS. CANVAS may communicate with Cardholders to the same extent and through the same channels that CANVAS
communicates with CANVAS?s other members.

3.4 Endorsement of Checks. CSU acknowledges that Cardholders may from time to time make payment to CANVAS
by checks made payable to CSU. CSU acknowledges that CANVAS may, but need not, permit such mode of payment as a
Cardholder convenience only and that the presence of CSU?s name on such checks does not confer any right or interest
therein to CSU and CANVAS is the sole owner of such checks. During and after the Term, CSU authorizes CANVAS?s
endorsement of CSU?s name on all such checks.

3.5 Cardholder Information. Subject to Applicable Law, CANVAS?s policies (including privacy policies), and
CANVAS system limitations, CANVAS will provide CSU with Cardholder Information as mutually agreed upon by the
parties from time to time. As between CANVAS and CSU, CANVAS is the sole and exclusive owner of the Cardholder
Information and the Cardholder Information is CANVAS?s Confidential Information. Without CANVAS?s prior written
approval, CSU shall not attempt to assemble or compile any list of Cardholders to be used for any purpose unless expressly
permitted in this Agreement.

SECTION 4: TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1 Term. The Initial Term shall be for three years from date Agreement is fully executed. Following the Initial Term,
this Agreement may renew for an additional three years, the First Renewal Term, unless terminated as provided herein.
After the First Renewal Term, this Agreement may renew for an additional one year on each anniversary of the Effective
Date.

4.2 Non-Renewal. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon the expiration of the Initial Term or the First
Renewal Term or any Subsequent Renewal Term by giving the other party written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60)
calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term, the First Renewal Term, or any Subsequent Renewal Term.

4.3 Breach. In the event that either party materially breaches this Agreement, the non-breaching party may provide
notice of the breach to the breaching party, who shall then have 30 days to cure the breach. If the breach is not cured to the
satisfaction of the non-breaching party by the 30" day, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement effective
upon 30 days prior written notice to the breaching party. Material breach of this Agreement includes, without limitation: (a)
the failure of a party to materially comply with Applicable Law; (b) breach or default of any material obligation hereunder;
(c) a substantial part of a party?s property is or becomes subject to a levy, seizure, assignment or sale for or by any creditor
or governmental agency; (d) a party becomes insolvent, ceases doing business, or files or has filed against it any voluntary
or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership or reorganization proceeding; or (e) fraudulent activity by a party.

4.4 Adverse Impact and Regulator Directive. If any material change in Applicable Law or Network Rule significantly
and adversely impacts the Program (excluding a decrease in Interchange Income and in the Network interchange rate(s)
determined and utilized by CANVAS outlined in Section 5.3) and a party desires to amend the Agreement to mitigate the
effect of such impact, then the affected party must give 30 calendar days prior written notice to the other party and provide
a detailed explanation of the material change in Applicable Law or Network Rule and evidence of the significant and adverse
impact on the party as a result of such change. Thereafter, the parties will immediately negotiate in order to amend this
Agreement to mitigate any issues created by such material change. If the parties are unable to reach agreement on such
amendment within 60 calendar days after the receipt of the 30-calendar day notice, then the affected party may terminate
this Agreement by providing at least 30 days advance written notice to the other party.

4.5 Merger. In the event: (a) CANVAS sells or exchanges substantially all of its assets; or (b) CANVAS consummates
a transaction?including, without limitation, a consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification of its
existence, or amerger?in which CANVAS will not be the continuing entity; then CSU may terminate this Agreement upon
written notice to CANVAS, which must be provided at least sixty (60) days in advance of the consummation of any such
event described in this paragraph. If CSU does not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this paragraph, this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect as the obligation of the CANVAS and its permitted successor(s) in interest.

4.6 Accounts after Termination. Termination of this Agreement for any reason will not alter or affect CANVAS?s
ownership of and other rights and interests in the Accounts; provided, however, by the later of the scheduled expiration of
each Card or 180 calendar days after the effective date of the termination of this Agreement, CANVAS will convert such
Cards to one of CANVAS?s proprietary cards/accounts or terminate such Account. Until all Cards and Accounts are
converted to one of CANVAS?s proprietary cards/accounts or are terminated, the license to use CSU?s Marks granted to
CANVAS under this Agreement shall continue and be extended for such period. CANVAS may issue its proprietary cards
to applicants whose applications are received after the termination of this Agreement.

