@)

(k)

O

(m)

(n)

(0)

(p)

Alumni Association recognizes and agrees that Credit Union's goodwill and
reputation in the marketplace are valuable and intangible assets; therefore,
Alumni Association agrees that it will not conduct itself or engage in any activity
in a manner that may adversely affect these assets. In the event Credit Union
determines that Alumni Association does not so conduct itself, Credit Union may
terminate this Agreement, effective immediately.

Credit Union recognizes and agrees that Alumni Association?s goodwill and
reputation in the marketplace are valuable and intangible assets; therefore. Credit
Union agrees that it will not conduct itself or engage in any activity in a manner
that may adversely affect these assets. In the event Alumni Association
determines that Credit Union does not so conduct itself, Alumni Association may
terminate this Agreement, effective immediately.

Neither party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any
person or entity which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation
or character of the other or any of its Affiliates, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

Neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to
the extent such delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, pandemic, explosion,
terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules, regulations or
requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or
other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or
avoidable, and without the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the
delayed party ("force majeure condition"). The non-delayed party shall have the
right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for
more than one hundred twenty (120) days by providing the delayed party with
least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination, which notice must
be received by the delayed party within ten (10) days after the expiration of the
one hundred twenty (120) day period.

This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the
same instrument. The parties hereto agree to accept a digital image of this
Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as best
evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction.

This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the parties hereto and their
respective counsel. No provision or section of this Agreement shall be read,
construed, or interpreted for or against either party by reason of ambiguity of
language, rule of construction against the draftsman, or any similar doctrine.

Default by any party to this Agreement shall entitle the non-defaulting party to
damages, reasonable costs, attorney fees and expenses incurred in connection with
judicial enforcement of this Agreement.

Page 17 of 24

