"Contract Year" means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

"Credit Card Account" or ?Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened
pursuant to the Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device,
instrument or method or other Financial Service Product account opened by a Customer under
the Program.

"Credit Card Services" shall mean unsecured credit extended by the Credit Union to
Customers that Customers may access through presentation to a merchant or other payee of the
Customers? credit account information that is embedded on a plastic card, mobile phone, or other
payment device; provided that Credit Card Services shall not include any card used to make an
electronic withdrawal from the holders? funds on deposit at a financial institution, or any non-
credit cards, including but not limited to debit cards, gift cards, stored value cards, ATM cards,
per diem cards, or any other cards associated with a depository account, pre-paid funds, or
checking account.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Credit Union agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

"Customer" means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Debit Card? means those debit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Credit
Union agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Effective Date? means January |, 2021.

"Eligible Royalties" means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
Agreement.

"Financial Service Product" means any credit card program, charge card program, gift card
program, debit card program, installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of any such
product.

"GIP Account" means a Credit Card Account or Debit Card opened or Auto Loan Program
made pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni Association complies with the GIP provisions of this
Agreement.

"Group Incentive Program" or "GIP" means any credit card marketing, debit card marketing,
auto Joan program or other program whereby Alumni Association conducts and funds solicitation
efforts for credit card or other products offered under the Program, and the parties mutually agree
in writing that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

Page 2 of 24
