privacy rules, within ten (10) days following a request by SPFCU, from time to time during the
Term, UNRF may either provide SPFCU with Mailing or email list or a mailing or emailing will
be scheduled. SPFCU will use Mailing Lists and email addresses solely for Marketing and will
not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise provide all or part of any Mailing List or email address list
to any third party. UNRF will not provide the Mailing List (or similar data from a database of
UNAA Members, non-members, Alumni, faculty, staff, or other University affiliated
organizations), nor provide a license or other right to use the Mailing List or similar data, to any
other party for purposes of soliciting participation in any program involving Other Cards.

5. Marketing Efforts. UNRF and SPFCU agree to the following promotional efforts related
to the Program. If any of the listed promotional opportunities are unavailable in the future due to
circumstances beyond the control of SPFCU or UNRF, UNRF will exercise its best efforts to
provide to SPFCU a replacement promotional opportunity of similar value, and which
replacement promotional opportunity offered by UNRF shall not be unreasonably rejected by

SPFCU:

a. SPFCU has the right to use all or some of the UNAA Marks for Licensed Uses.

b. SPFCU has the right to Market the Program and/or the Credit Cards directly to
Members, potential Members and Alumni, including without limitation, individuals on the
Mailing Lists. UNRF and SPFCU expressly agree that neither party shall market the Program
and/or the Credit Cards to students at the time they are currently enrolled at the University.

c. UNREF shall use best efforts to ensure SPFCU has the right to distribute Program
and Credit Card information and Marketing Materials at UNAA Alumni outreach events.

d. UNRF will provide on its website a direct link or links to a page on the SPFCU
website related to the Program, the Credit Cards and Credit Card applications.

e. SPFCU shall have the right to have Marketing Materials inserted into and
included within all UNRF membership renewal mailings.

? SPFCU be included in one (1) all-alumni email newsletter annually; and one (1)
dedicated email to alumni in the data base.

g. Event Sponsorships: Event sponsorship materials will be included in the

following events:

? Graduation Celebration

? Football Pre-game parties

? Homecoming Awards Gala
? March from the Arch

h. SPFCU has the right to use the UNAA Marks on its website (i) to provide
information accessible to the public describing the Program and/or the Credit Cards; and (ii) in

connection with a Credit Card application.
i. SPFCU may, with the prior consent of UNRF and the University, use University

promotional merchandise in a UNAA authorized Credit Card rewards program (for example,
event tickets, golf packages, tennis packages, lodging packages, bookstore gift certificates,

merchandise give-aways, cross promotions with University retail partners).
j. The above listed efforts are not intended to limit the Marketing that SPFCU may

use to Market the Program and/or the Credit Cards. SPFCU may, with the prior approval of
UNRF, engage in other forms of Marketing.
