Dubuque Bank & Trust Company and University of Dubuque
UNIVERSITY OF DUBUQUE CREDIT CARD LICENSING AGREEMENT

This Agreement ("Agreement") is established as of the a} ay of Nae ?2017,
by and between Dubuque Bank & Trust Company ("Bank"), a subsidiary of Heartland Financial
USA, Inc. with its principal place of business located at 1398 Central Avenue, Dubuque, Iowa,
52001; and the University of Dubuque (?University?), a private University with its campus
located at 2000 University Avenue, Dubuque, Iowa, 52001.

WHEREAS, Bank and University wish to enter into this Agreement to make Bank the official
banking partner of University, including the establishment and promotion of a university branded
credit card through Bank (?UD Credit Card?);

WHEREAS, Bank and University wish to enter this Agreement to ee mutual benefits and
services to each other;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Sales Promotion

a) Bank shall conduct a promotion with the University whereby Bank offers credit cards
with the University of Dubuque insignia/logo on the card.

b) Bank shall promote the UD Credit Card by targeted promotional messages to alumni of
University, parents of students and the names contained in the Heritage Center contact list
provided to Bank. Messages will clearly state that a portion of every credit card transaction will
be provided to University at no expense to the card holder.

2. Contribution Amount

a) In consideration for Bank?s use of University?s name, insignia, trademarks and logos, in
connection with the promotion of the UD Credit Card, Bank will allocate a portion of the
revenue from every qualifying transaction as a financial contribution to University.

b) An amount of 10 basis points per transaction will be paid for all credit card transactions
using a UD Credit Card.
c) All major/significant contributions due to University shall be paid to University during a

check-presentment ceremony at a high-profile public university event.

d) Bank shall provide quarterly reports to the University regarding the UD Credit Card?s
performance, including number of cards issued and projected money donated to the University.
