3; Term

a) This Agreement shall continue for a period of 5 years. Bank may cancel the agreement
at any time, provided that Bank provides 90-days written notice to University. After expiration
of the initial term, the Agreement shall automatically renew for additional five year terms unless
either party terminates the Agreement at least 60 days prior to the existing term.

4. Promotion

a) University and Bank mutually agree to jointly promote each party?s goals related to the
use of the UD Credit Card.

b) University agrees to participate in a minimum of one annual public check presentation
from Bank representing the proceeds of qualifying transactions completed. Check presentment
ceremonies will be conducted in accordance with Section 2(c) of this agreement. Additional
check presentations are permitted upon mutual consent.

c) University further allows Bank to market through kiosk-style signs and tables at select
sporting events, student fairs, Heritage Center events, and other University alumni activities with
prior approval from the University.

d) Bank will be given access to University?s approved alumni contact list, the Heritage
Center contact list, and a list of student parent contact information and is allowed approved
communications with said contacts. Communications may include other banking products along
with the credit card. University will provide Bank with these updated lists annually. Bank will
compose all emails, but University will send the emails through their server.

e) Bank will provide University the updated addresses and contact information of all alumni
who hold the credit card annually.

f) Each year Bank will compose an email regarding the importance of a strong banking
relationship, financial troubles/considerations of adulthood and the UD Credit Card to each
graduate. The email shall be sent to the graduates after they graduate.

g) Bank will have the ability to run unique approved marketing campaigns involving the UD
Credit Card, including but not limited to, campaigns involving rewards, referral fees, and free
memorabilia or tickets. These marketing campaigns shall not be targeted to University students.

h) University will promote the UD Credit Card on the alumni relations/?Giving to UD?
section of its website.

i) University must approve all marketing items prior to their release.

5: Card Benefits.

a) Card holders shall receive a discount of 5% on all items purchased in the University
bookstore, subject to certain restrictions at the University?s discretion.

b) Card holders shall receive priority ticket purchases for Heritage Center. (1 day before
general population tickets are available for purchase).
