18.

agree that that the same or similar information, including Personal Information, may be
contained in the Co-Branded Card Account Data, the Cardholder Data, the Sponsor Data and
other data that each party independently collects outside of this Program and each such pool of
data shall therefore be considered separate Personal Information subject to the specific
provisions applicable to that data hereunder.

CCCU shall provide all privacy notices to Applicants and Cardholders in regards to the Co-
Branded Card Accounts and CU Rewards Program that are required under Applicable Privacy
Laws. Sponsor shall provide all privacy notices to its constituents in regards Wildcat Rewards
Program that are required under Applicable Privacy Laws.

Each party shall maintain a formal security program (?Information Security Program?) in
accordance with industry standards but which shall be at least as protective as those used by
such party to protect its own Personal Information that is designed to: (i) ensure the privacy,
security and integrity of Personal Information; (ii) protect against threats or hazards to the
security or integrity of Personal Information; and (iii) prevent unauthorized access to Personal
Information. Each party shall use the same degree of care in protecting the Personal Information
of the other party against unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification as it accords to
its own Personal Information, but in no event less than a reasonable standard of care. Upon
written request, each party, at its own expense, shall provide the other party with access to
review audits, summaries of test results or other equivalent evaluations concerning its
Information Security Program. Each party will require third parties from whom such party
procures services in connection with this Agreement to have a formal written security policy
consistent with the requirements of this Section 17. If any court or regulatory agency seeks to
compel the disclosure of Personal Information subject to this Agreement, if legally permitted to
do so, the party subject to the disclosure requirement shall promptly notify the other party so
that the other party may, at its expense, seek to prevent disclosure and the party shall fully
cooperate with the other party. In the event a party becomes aware of a an actual breach or
compromise of its Information Security Program, systems, or network, or reasonably suspects
a data breach or compromise of its Information Security Program, systems or network which
resulted in or is likely to result in the loss or unauthorized access, disclosure, use or acquisition
of Personal Information covered under this Agreement or (a ?Security Incident?), such party
shall notify the other party in writing (?Security Incident Notice?) as soon as possible following
discovery of the Security Incident but no later than the lesser of forty-eight (48) hours or the
shortest time period required by any applicable provision of federal or state laws or regulations
(y) to assess the nature and scope of such Security Incident, to contain and control such Security
Incident to prevent further unauthorized access to or use, modification, destruction or disclosure
of such Personal Information, and to the extent reasonably required by the other party, to provide
prompt notice to affected Cardholders, or (z) to take such other action as required by Applicable
Privacy Laws. The cost and expenses of any such notice shall be borne solely by the party that
experienced the Security Incident. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, CCCU
shall have sole discretion in providing notice to Applicants and Cardholders of any Security
Breach.

Confidentiality.
a.

For purposes of this Agreement, ?Confidential Information? means information that is
provided by or on behalf of either CCCU or Sponsor to the other party or its agents in
connection with the Program or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (including information provided prior to the date hereof or the Program Effective
Date) that is marked as ?confidential? or ?proprietary? at the time of its disclosure, or that the
receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential or proprietary based on its
nature or on the circumstances of its disclosure. ?Confidential Information? includes, but is not
limited to, information concerning marketing plans, objectives and financial results;
information regarding business systems, methods, processes, financing data, programs, system
designs, configurations, security systems, and products and the terms and features and tests
thereof; proprietary technical information, including source codes; or other trade secrets, or the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. ?Confidential Information? does not include
