a. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, CCCU and Sponsor hereby establish a
co-branded credit card program in the United States, pursuant to which generally: (a) CCCU
shall offer and issue to approved Applicants Co-Branded Cards and extend credit to Cardholders
pursuant to the terms of the Cardholder Agreement; and (ii) CCCU will promptly open a new
Co-Branded Card Account and issue a new Co-Branded Card with respect to each Co-Branded
Card Application approved by CCCU (as described in Section 3 below) (collectively, the
?Program?). Cardholders in the Program shall be eligible to participate in the CU Rewards
Program operated by CCCU and in the Wildcat Rewards Program operated by ACU.

b. Inconnection with the establishment of the Program, the purpose of this Agreement is to set out
the terms and conditions according to which the parties will operate under the Program: (i) the
commercial collaboration between CCCU and Sponsor in connection with the promotion, offer
and issuance of Co-Branded Cards, (ii) the parties obligations in connection with the operation
of the CU Rewards Program and the Wildcat Rewards Program offered by CCCU and Sponsor,
respectively, and (iii) other services and support tasks that CCCU and Sponsor, respectively,
shall provide in connection with the promotion, offer and issuance of Co-Branded Cards.

Issuance of Co-Branded Cards. CCCU may issue a Co-Branded Card to
a Cardholder upon approval of the Co-Branded Card Applica
tion .Co-Branded Card Applications submitted to CCCU shall be used only for the purpose of
securing the acceptance and use of the Co-Branded Card. All credit decisions shall be made by
CCCU, in its sole and absolute discretion. Co-Branded Cards will show on the face thereof the
legal name of Sponsor and Sponsor?s logo, if appropriate and in keeping with the established
guidelines of MasterCard or Visa, along with CCCU?s name on the back of the card. CCCU
shall bear all expenses relating to the manufacturing and production of the plastic cards. In
the event of any change in its name and logo, Sponsor shall bear and promptly reimburse CCCU
for any additional expenses incurred by CCCU in connection with any mutually agreed upon
implementation of the of the altered name and logo on the plastic cards. New plastic cards for
the Co-Branded Cards bearing such change in Sponsor?s name and logo will be issued when and
as determined by CCCU in its sole discretion.

Cardholders and Accounts. The issuance of all Co-Branded Cards to Cardhold
ers and the Cardholders use of all Co-Branded Cards shall be subject to a contract
(?Cardholder Agreement?) between the Cardholder and CCCU. The terms of the Cardholder
Agreement will include, but not be limited to, the interest rate established by CCCU and the
method by which the interest is calculated and charges, fees if any, and other features of the Co-
Branded Cards. All Co-Branded Cards and Co-Branded Card Accounts shall be issued and
serviced by CCCU in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Except to
the extent of Sponsor?s ownership in Sponsor?s Marks, CCCU shall be the owner and holder
of all Co-Branded Cards issued hereunder, Co-Branded Card Accounts, Account Indebtedness
in respect thereto, Co-Branded Card Documentation, Co-Branded Card Applications, Co-
Branded Card Account Data, Cardholder Data and all records developed and maintained by
CCCU in connection therewith. All purchases of goods and/or services or other extensions of
credit in connection with the Co-Branded Card Accounts and the Account Indebtedness shall
create the relationship of debtor and creditor between the Cardholder and CCCU, respectively.
Co-Branded Card Account Data or Cardholder Data will be provided to Sponsor only to the
extent allowed by federal regulations that protect the Cardholders? privacy.

Statements. _CCCU shall render statements to each Cardholder, which statements shall be
substantially in the form and contain such information as may be required by law. Sponsor
understands and agrees that CCCU may include any materials in the mailing of Cardholder
statements or other non-credit card material that CCCU deems appropriate.

Payments. All payments made by Cardholder shall be remitted to CCCU. CCCU shall be entitled
to (a) receive all payments made by Cardholders on Co-Branded Card Accounts; and (b) retain for
its account all Account Indebtedness and such other fees and all income authorized by the
Cardholder Agreements and collected by or for CCCU with respect to the Co-Branded Card
Accounts. CCCU shall fund all use of credit under the Co-Branded Card Accounts by a
