28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

foreseeable or unforeseeable, the following events that are beyond the reasonable control of the
applicable party: any act of God, acts of war, acts of nature, terrorism, acts of public enemy, civil
insurrection or disobedience, insurrections, riots, civil strife, vandalism, blockades, quarantine,
interferences of civil and military authority, epidemics, pandemics, earthquakes, landslides,
mudslides, hurricanes, storms, perils of the sea, volcanic eruption, explosions, fires, floods, civil
disturbances and nuclear accidents; provided, however, that in no event shall lack of funds, changes
in economic circumstances, changes in law, failure to comply with applicable laws or the failure
by a party?s supplier be deemed to be force majeure events.

Notices. All notices under this Agreement (?Notices?) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been given upon: (i) personal delivery; (ii) the third business day after sending via nationally
recognized overnight courier (e.g., FedEx or UPS) that provides evidence of delivery. Notices to
each party shall be sent to an officer and addressed to the address set forth the party?s signature
below. A party may change the address for Notices hereunder by providing a Notice in accordance
with this Section 28.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all attached Exhibits constitutes the entire
agreement between CCCU and Sponsor with respect to the subject matter set forth herein. There
are no understandings, representations, warranties, express or implied, with respect to this
Agreement, other than those expressly set forth herein. All prior oral and written agreements and
statements shall be completely void, preempted, replaced and superseded by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and shall be of no force and effect whatsoever. THERE ARE NO
ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO.

Arbitration. Except with respect to disputes arising from a misappropriation or misuse of either
party?s proprietary and or rights with respect to intellectual property, any dispute, controversy
or claim arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, or the material
breach, termination, validity or enforceability of any provision hereof (a ?Dispute?), if not
resolved informally through negotiation between the parties, will be submitted to non-binding
mediation in Los Angeles County, California, in accordance with the Rules for Mediation of
the Dispute Mediation Service of Los Angeles County. The parties will mutually determine who
the mediator will be from a list of mediators obtained from the Dispute Mediation Service of Los
Angeles County. If the parties are unable to agree on the mediator, the mediator will be selected
by the Los Angeles office of the American Arbitration Association. If any Dispute is not resolved
through mediation, it will be resolved by final and binding arbitration by a sole arbitrator under
the Commercial Rules of Arbitration then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association,
upon written notice of demand for arbitration by the party seeking arbitration, setting forth the
specifics of the matter in controversy or the claim being made. Judgment upon the award rendered
by the Arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Assignment. Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the
consent of the other party which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BREAK]

