23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

connection with this Agreement. For the purpose of this Agreement Sponsor grants to
CCCU a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license and authority to
use the Sponsor Marks in connection with CCCU performing under this Agreement and in
accordance with the requirements set forth by Sponsor from time to time in writing.. It is
understood that each party will be responsible for any costs incurred by the other party in
connection with making changes to marketing materials, other documentation or any plastics
should the party change its respective marks and require that the other party make changes to its
marketing materials, documentation or plastics changes.

Indemnification.

CCCU will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sponsor and its Affiliates and each of their
directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all losses, liabilities,
damages, claims, actions suits or other proceedings, including reasonable attorney?s fees and
expenses (collectively ?Losses??) arising out of or related to (i) CCCU?s breach of its
representations or warranties under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or alleged infringement
of any CCCU Marks copyright or other proprietary ownership interest resulting from the
authorized use thereof by Sponsor as contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) CCCU?s
gross negligence or willful misconduct in performing under this Agreement, or (iv) the
failure by CCCU to comply with applicable laws or the Network Rules in the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement, or (v) a breach of Section 17 (?Personal Information?) or
Section 18 (?Confidentiality?) of this Agreement by CCCU.

Sponsor shall indemnify and hold harmless CCCU from and against any and all Losses
arising out of or related to (i) Sponsor?s breach of its representations or
warranties under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or alleged infringement of
any Sponsor Marks copyright, or other proprietary ownership interest resulting from the
authorized use thereof by CCCU as contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) Sponsor?s gross
negligence or willful misconduct in performing under this Agreement, (iv) the failure by
Sponsor to comply with applicable laws in performing its obligations under this Agreement, or
(v) a breach of Section 16 (?Ownership and Proprietary Rights?) or Section 17 (?Personal
Information?) or Section 18 (?Confidentiality?) of this Agreement by Sponsor.

Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in
no event shall either party be liable to the other party for any indirect, consequential, incidental,
special, punitive or exemplary damages, whether in contract, tort (including negligence and strict
liability) or any other legal or equitable principles, or for any loss of profits or revenue, regardless
of whether such party knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages. The
foregoing limitations shall not apply to claims for breach of the obligations of confidentiality
(which includes misuse of Personal Information), claims for damages resulting from gross
negligence, willful misconduct or fraud by a party, or indemnification for third party claims.

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time hereafter be declared by court
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall
not affect the remaining portions of this instrument, and this instrument shall be construed and
enforced as though such illegal or invalid provision or provisions had never appeared herein.

Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, which counterparts may be delivered by way of electronic transmission (in .PDF,
.PIF, .JPG, or other similar format) from one party or its representatives to the other, all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument, but in making proof of this Agreement, it
shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart.

Force Majeure Provision. If either party hereto shall be delayed or prevented from the
performance of any obligation hereunder by a force majeure event without the fault or beyond the
control of any party obligated, upon written notice, the performance of such act shall be
excused for a period equivalent to such delay. A force majeure event shall mean, whether

