16.

17.

Agreement shall be interpreted as requiring CCCU to terminate any Co-Branded Card Accounts
as a result of the termination or non-renewal of this Agreement; provided, however, that
Sponsor?s Marks shall be removed from the plastics used for the Co-Branded Card Accounts
no later than sixty (60) days from termination of this Agreement. The parties will use good-faith
efforts to agree on a communication plan to advise Cardholders, Applicants and the general
public of the impending termination of this Agreement following receipt of any notice of
termination or non-renewal of this Agreement, as applicable. Unless otherwise mutually agreed
to by the parties, any communication with respect to the Program, Co-Branded Card Accounts,
the Program, the CU Rewards Program or the Wildcat Rewards Program given by either party
after notice of termination or non-renewal will be subject to the terms and conditions of such
joint communication plan. If the parties are unable to agree on a communication plan prior to
the date on which this Agreement terminates despite such good-faith efforts, the parties shall
jointly communicate only a statement as to the fact that this Agreement and the Program have
been terminated and the alternative arrangements being made by the parties with respect to the
Co-Branded Card Accounts; provided, the statement shall not assert any blame with respect to
the termination or offering any opinions or reasons as to the cause of such termination. Except
as otherwise specifically provided for herein, upon termination of this Agreement, all licenses
and rights granted hereunder by one party to the other party shall terminate as of the effective
termination date of this Agreement.

Ownership and Proprietary Rights. Each party shall continue to own and/or control all of
its Intellectual Property that is used in connection with the Program that existed as of
the Effective Date and exists as of the Program Effective Date. For purposes of
clarification, the parties agree that the Intellectual Property used in connection with
the Wildcat Rewards Program as it existed as of the Effective Date and exists as of
the Program Effective Date is owned exclusively by Sponsor and the Intellectual
Property used in connection with the CU Rewards Program as it existed as of the
Effective Date and exists as of the Program Effective Date is owned exclusively by
CCCU. Each party shall also own all right, title and interest in the Intellectual Property
it develops or creates independently of the other party during the Term of this
Agreement. To the extent that a party acquires any rights in and to such Intellectual
Property of the other party, the party acquiring such rights hereby assigns all such
right, title and interest in and to such Intellectual Property back to the owner thereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that
all right, title and interest in and to any proprietary credit underwriting standards and credit scoring
models and the CU Rewards Program and any and all computer programs, procedures, forms,
user?s manual, information and materials relating to the foregoing (collectively ?CCCU IP?)
constitutes trade secrets and property of great value owned by CCCU, having been acquired by
and through the expenditure of time, effort and money, and that the foregoing are the trade secrets
of CCCU and that any disclosure to others of any of the foregoing will result in substantial
monetary loss and irreparable damage to CCCU. Sponsor therefore agrees to treat all CCCU IP
confidentially and to safeguard CCCU IP, using the same care and discretion that Sponsor uses
with data that Sponsor regards as confidential. Sponsor further agrees not to disclose to any person,
directly or indirectly, except as required in the proper performance of this Agreement, any
information, terms, prices, or services defined in this Agreement. All specifications, tapes,
programs and other materials developed in connection with this Agreement shall be and remain at
all times during the Term of this Agreement the exclusive property of CCCU. The parties do
not anticipate that any Intellectual Property will be developed through the combined
efforts of the parties during the Term for use in the Program (?Program IP?). In the
event the parties develop Program IP through their combined efforts, the parties will
negotiate in a good faith a separate agreement to cover ownership, confidentiality,
license rights and other matters related to such Program IP that they develop through
their combined efforts.

Personal Information.
a. All collection, use, disclosure, retention and destruction of Personal Information under this
Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 17. The parties acknowledge and
