9.4

9.5

9.6

9.7

defense of such Claim as approved by the Indemnified Party, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Indemnified Party shall reasonably
cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the conduct of the defense against such Claim.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the
right to defend any such Claim if: (i) it fails to employ counsel approved by the Indemnified
Party to assume the defense of such Claim or refuses to replace such counsel upon the
Indemnified Party's reasonable request, as provided for herein; or (ii) such Claim seeks an
injunction, cease and desist order, or other equitable relief against the Indemnified Party. In
each such case described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Indemnified Party shall have the
right to direct the defense of the Claim and retain its own counsel, and the Indemnifying
Party shall pay the reasonable cost of such defense, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses. The Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to coordinate the defense of any
Claim that may give rise to indemnification obligations of more than one Party or that may
include allegations that are not subject to indemnification.

Indemnifying Party Election. If the Indemnifying Party elects and is entitled to compromise
or defend a Claim, it shall within thirty (30) days (or sooner, if the nature of the Claim so
requires) notify the Indemnified Party of its intent to do so, and the Indemnified Party
shall, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, reasonably cooperate in the defense of
such Claim. In such case, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the
defense of any Claim with counsel selected by it; provided, that the fees and disbursements
of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party.

Settlement of Claims. The Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation to pay the monetary
amount of the settlement of any Claim entered into by the Indemnified Party without the
prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned). Notwithstanding the Indemnifying Party's right to direct
the defense against any Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to compromise
or enter into an agreement settling any Claim which imposes liability or obligations on the
Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and shall not compromise or enter
into an agreement settling any Claim, which does not impose liability or obligations, without
prior written notice to, and consultation with, the Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Indemnifying Party may, upon prior written notice to and consultation with,
the Indemnified Party, compromise or enter into a settlement agreement that involves solely
the payment of money by the Indemnifying Party, provided such settlement includes a
complete, unconditional, irrevocable release of the Indemnified Party with respect to such
Claim.

Subrogation. The Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to any Claims or rights of the
Indemnified Party as against any other Persons with respect to any amount payable by the
Indemnifying Party under this Article Ix. The Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate
with the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, in the assertion by the
Indemnifying Party of any such Claim against such other Persons.

Insurance. During the Term of this Agreement, Deserve shall procure and maintain the

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 29 of 41
