4.1

enforcement of such acts and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection
("CFPB") or by any state agency enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of
consumers.

(b) Each Party acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the
truth and accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or
relating to its or its Affiliates, or their business, products or services, made or included,
expressly or impliedly, by either Party or with its prior written consent, whether in any
advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE IV: MARKETING

Marketing by NJIT and Deserve.

(a) The parties shall jointly develop and agree to an annual marketing plan (each,
a ?Marketing Plan?) within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date and at least sixty (60) days
prior to the beginning of each following Term Year whereas, NJIT assumes the primary role
in promoting NJIT Credit Cards on its campus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Deserve shall
design, develop and administer the Program for the Members. Deserve will provide best
practices, compliance review, creative assets, and strategy suggestions with respect to all
Marketing Plans and communication efforts.

(b) NJIT shall, at its own cost and expense, unless otherwise agreed upon by the
Parties in writing, as NJIT deems appropriate from time to time, to support sustained
marketing and advertising of the Program and Credit Cards, including: (i) providing
prominent placement (exact location determined by NJIT) of information regarding the
Program on the NJIT and NJIT Alumni Association websites and prominent, functioning
hyperlinks from the NJIT and NJIT Alumni Association websites to web pages established
by Deserve that promote the Program and Credit Cards and include application materials for
the Credit Cards; (ii) reviewing all production materials prepared and provided by Deserve
and bearing NJIT Marks within fifteen (15) business days prior to engaging in such
promotional activities in order to submit for review and approval by Deserve?s banking
partner. If necessary, NJIT shall modify or remove Program information on its websites
within one (1) business day of Deserve's request. NJIT shall provide Deserve with the ability
to access any and all pages within NJIT website(s) that pertain to the Program for purposes
of monitoring and viewing the Program related information and materials on such pages.
Deserve hereby grants to NJIT a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide
license to use, reproduce, transmit, and publicly display Deserve?s link during the Term of
this Agreement solely for the purposes described herein. NJIT shall be permitted to take such
action as it deems appropriate to maintain the integrity of its website and accordingly has the
right to remove or temporarily restrict access to the links at any time. Deserve will use
reasonable efforts to advise NJIT immediately of any activities which may adversely affect
the Deserve link.

(c) Deserve shall, at its own cost and expense, unless otherwise agreed upon by
the Parties in writing, design and develop such marketing, promotional and solicitation

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 15 of 41
