8.2

associated with each such form factor.

(d) Survival. Any provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature extend
beyond termination, e.g., without limitation, Articles 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10 and 12, shall survive
such termination.

Termination Rights.

(a) Default. Deserve or NJIT, as applicable, shall have the right to terminate
this Agreement upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written notice if a material default
by the other Party in the performance of its obligations under, or its compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement has occurred and continues for a period of sixty
(60) days after receipt by the defaulting Party of written notice thereof from the non-
defaulting Party (setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the default).

(b) Insolvency. This Agreement shall be immediately terminated, without the
requirement of further action or notice by either Party in the event that a Party : (i) shall
become subject to voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
conservatorship or like proceedings (including the takeover of a Party by a Governmental
Authority) pursuant to Applicable Law; (ii) shall take any action to authorize commencement
of any such proceeding; or (iii) ceases to conduct its normal and customary business
operations.

(c) Change in Applicable Law. Both Parties shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement effective as specified in its written termination notice to the other
Party in the event that the terminating Party reasonably determines that: (i) any material
change in Applicable Law makes or foreseeably will make the continued performance of this
Agreement under its current terms and conditions illegal for the terminating Party, or results
or will foreseeably result i n the terminating Party's inability to perform any of its material
obligations and/or exercise any of its material rights under this Agreement, (ii) the
terminating Party has given written notice of such material change to the other Party,
and (iii) the Parties are unable to reach agreement on acceptable modifications to this
Agreement after good faith negotiations for a period of sixty (60) days following receipt of
the written notice set forth in clause (ii).

(d) Account Threshold. Deserve shall have the right to terminate this agreement
on ninety (90) days advance written notice to NJIT if Deserve has not issued 5,000 Accounts
under the Program(s) and NJIT shall have right to terminate this Agreement on ninety (90)
days advance written notice to Deserve if Deserve has not issued 2,500 Accounts under the
Program(s) under this Agreement within eighteen (18) months after the Launch of the first
Program hereunder; provided, prior to exercising such termination right, the terminating
Party shall first notify the other Party in writing of the underperforming nature of the
Program(s) and shall work with the other Party for a period of six (6) months from the date
of such initial notice to resolve the underperforming nature of the Program(s). If issued
Accounts do not equal or exceed 5,000 or 2,500 Accounts, as applicable, by the end of such
six (6) month period, the terminating Party may then exercise the termination right detailed
in this Section 8.2(d).

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 26 of 41
