"Accountholder Information" means any information pertaining to Accountholders,
excluding information pertaining to or related to authorized users.

"Activated" means an Accountholder has validly used an Account to make a
purchase, cash advance or balance transfer within ninety calendar days from the origination
of the Account.

"Affiliate" means, with respect to an entity, another entity that, directly or indirectly,
owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or common
control with the first entity. With respect to NJIT, the Foundation at New Jersey Institute of
Technology (a 501 (c) (3) public charity) is its only Affiliate for purposes of this Agreement
(New Jersey Innovation Institute, Inc. and Healthcare Innovation Solutions, Inc. are
excluded).

"Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

"Applicable Law" means, with respect to any Party, any certificate of incorporation,
charter, or articles of association, by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of
such Party, and any laws (including common law), codes, statutes, ordinances, rules,
regulations, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations or orders, decrees and
orders of any Governmental Authority as may be amended and in effect from time to time
during the Term, including: (i) the Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z; (ii) the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B; (iii) the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act; (iv)
the Fair Credit Reporting Act; (v) the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E; (vi)
the GLBA and its implementing regulations; (vii) the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions
Act of 2003 (FACT Act), (viii) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and (ix) the USA
PATRIOT Act and its implementing regulations; and (x) applicable statutes, regulations and
rules governing charitable solicitation and/or commercial co-ventures, including but not
limited to the requirements of Georgia Code, Sec. 43-17; New Hampshire Code Sec. 7:28-d;
and New Jersey Statutes Ch. 45:17 A-18 et seq.

"Arbitrators" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 (c).
"Basic Qualifications" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 (c).

"Business Day" means any day, except Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which federal
banks are required or authorized by Applicable Law to be closed in the State of California.

"Card" means any credit card branded with the NJIT Marks, issued by Deserve?s
partner bank, and serviced by Deserve pursuant to this Agreement in connection with an
Account including but not limited to the Deserve Pro Mastercard and Deserve Edu
Mastercard initially issued pursuant to this Agreement.

"Card Holder Agreements" ("CHA") means the governing document setting forth the
terms and conditions relating to the Card and Account.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 3 of 41
