Customers, the advertisement, marketing, or promotion of the Credit Cards, acceptance of
applications for the Credit Cards, the issuance and reissuance of Credit Cards and related
materials, the provision of Account administration services, the provision of billing
statements and other correspondence relating to Accounts to Customers, and the extension
and administration of credit to Customers. All use of the Marks is subject to prior review and
approval by NJIT, and Deserve shall submit requests for such review and approval no less
than ten (10) business days in advance of its proposed use. Approvals shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. The license hereby granted is solely for the
use of Deserve and may be used as necessary to permit the exercise by Deserve of any of its
rights under this Agreement, and/or the fulfillment of Deserve's obligations under this
Agreement. The licenses granted hereby may not be sublicensed without the prior written
approval of NJIT. Deserve shall cause any subcontractor or other third party utilizing any
Mark on behalf of Deserve to comply with all of the standards and limitations on the use of
the Marks contained in this Section 4.2 or as otherwise specified by NJIT. This license shall
be transferred upon permitted assignment of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits NJIT from granting to other persons a license to use the Marks in
conjunction with the provision of any other service or product, except for any Exclusive
Product (as defined in Article I above).

(b) Termination of License. The license granted in this Section 4.2 shall remain
in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the Marks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such Marks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor Person.
Upon termination of this license, all rights in the Marks shall revert to NJIT and its
Affiliates, and the goodwill connected therewith shall remain the property of NJIT and its
Affiliates; provided however that upon termination of this Agreement, NJIT shall not attempt
to cause the removal of NJIT's identification or Marks from any person's form, Marked
Plastic, or records of any Customer, or require the retrieval of any materials otherwise
distributed and/or existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

(c) Ownership of the Marks. Deserve acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the
Marks, all rights therein, and the goodwill associated therewith, are, and shall remain, the
exclusive property of NJIT; (ii) it shall take no action which will adversely affect NJIT and
its Affiliates? exclusive ownership of the Marks, or the goodwill associated with the Marks (it
being agreed that the offering, administration, or collection of Accounts, any adverse action
letters, and any changes in terms of Accounts as required by Applicable Law or pursuant to
Deserve's rights thereunder or under the terms of this Agreement do not and shall not be
deemed to adversely affect such goodwill); and (iii) any and all goodwill arising from use of
the Marks by Deserve shall inure solely to the benefit of NJIT and its Affiliates. Nothing
herein shall give Deserve any proprietary interest in or to the Marks, except the right to use
the Marks in accordance with this Agreement, and Deserve shall not contest NJIT's or its
Affiliates title in and to the Marks, except as necessary to enforce its indemnification rights
hereunder.

(d) Replacement of Marks. If as a result of a request by NJIT for a change in or
replacement of any Mark used in the Program by NJIT, Deserve incurs a cost or expense
(e.g., the cost of reissuing replacement credit card plastics, of creating new marketing
materials and/or of disposal of obsolete inventories), then NJIT shall bear and/or promptly

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 17 of 41
