2.2

3.1

Deserve shall have the right to amend the terms and conditions of such Account agreements
at any time in its sole discretion; and (ii) Deserve reserves the right in its sole discretion to
change any of the features and/or benefits of the Credit Cards, or, upon mutual consent of the
Parties, of the Program, including the terms upon which new Credit Cards are marketed to
NJIT Members, and/or to modify or add additional terms and conditions to any Credit Cards.
Deserve shall not change the terms and conditions of this Agreement based on this Section 2.

1(c).

(d) ?_Itis understood and agreed that Deserve will not solicit, nor is it under any
obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United States of
America or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or
detrimentally affecting the solicitation of credit card accounts or the terms and
conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of other financial services, all as
determined by Deserve in its sole discretion.

(e) It is understood that Deserve may from time to time during the Initial Term or
any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill,
or complete its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

Ownership of Accounts. Deserve is the sole and exclusive owner of all Accounts and related
receivables./ Account agreements and associated books and records, and all Customer
indebtedness and goodwill established thereunder, and shall have all rights and powers with
respect thereto as such owner, including all rights to engage in securitization and other
financing operations. For the avoidance of doubt, NJIT acknowledges and agrees that it does
not possess any ownership interest in the Credit Cards issued, the Accounts established
and/or the receivables generated thereunder.

ARTICLE III: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Representations and Warranties of NJIT. NJIT makes the following representations and
warranties to Deserve as of the Effective Date and at all times thereafter throughout the
Term:

(a) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of New Jersey. It has all necessary power to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
all
instruments and documents to be delivered thereunder by NJIT have been duly authorized by
all necessary or proper organizational action of NJIT.

(c) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of NJIT,
enforceable against NJIT in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 11 of 41
