the Panel shall consist of one Arbitrator.

(d) Should an Arbitrator refuse or be unable to proceed with arbitration
proceedings, a substitute Arbitrator possessing the Basic Qualifications shall be appointed by
the AAA. If an Arbitrator is replaced after the arbitration hearing has commenced, then a
rehearing shall take place in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the AAA
Rules.

(e) The arbitration shall be conducted in Newark, New Jersey.

(f) The Panel may in its discretion order a pre-exchange of information including
production of documents, exchange of summaries of testimony or exchange of statements of
position and shall schedule promptly all discovery and other procedural steps and otherwise
assume case management initiative and control to effect an efficient and expeditious
resolution of the Dispute.

(g) At any oral hearing of evidence in connection with any arbitration conducted
pursuant to this Agreement, each Party and its legal counsel shall have the right to examine
its witnesses and to cross-examine the witnesses of the other Party. No testimony of any
witness shall be presented in written form unless the opposing Party shall have the
opportunity to cross-examine such witness, except as the Parties otherwise agree in writing
and except under extraordinary circumstances where, in the opinion of the Panel, the
interests of justice require a different procedure.

(h) Within fifteen (15) days after the closing of the arbitration hearing, the Panel
shall prepare and distribute to the Parties a written award. The Panel shall have the authority
to award any remedy or relief that a court of competent jurisdiction could order or grant, and
shall award interest on any monetary award from the date that the loss or expense was
incurred by the successful Party. In addition, the Panel shall have the authority to decide
issues relating to the interpretation, meaning or performance of this Agreement, any
agreement, certificate or other document referred to herein or delivered in connection
herewith, or the relationships of the Parties hereunder or thereunder, even if such decision
would constitute an advisory opinion in a court proceeding or if the issues would otherwise
not be ripe for resolution in a court proceeding, and any such decision shall bind the Parties
in their performance of this Agreement and such other documents.

(i) Except as necessary in court proceedings to enforce this arbitration provision
or an award rendered hereunder, to obtain interim relief, or as otherwise required by
Applicable Law, neither of the Parties nor any arbitrator shall disclose the existence, content
or results of any arbitration conducted hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Parties.

Gj) To the extent that the relief or remedy granted in an award rendered by the
Panel is relief or a remedy on which a court could enter judgment, a judgment upon the
award rendered by the Panel may be entered by any court specified in Section 12.14 hereof.
Otherwise, the award shall be binding on the Parties in connection with their obligations
under this Agreement and in any subsequent arbitration or judicial proceedings between the

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 31 of 41
