5.2

6.1

the United States of America, payable to New Jersey Institute of Technology and shall
be delivered to P O. Box 18110, Newark, New Jersey, 07191-8110, or to such other
party and place as may be designated by notice, in writing, from NJIT to Deserve from
time to time. With each payment, Deserve will provide NJIT with a statement showing
the number of Accounts opened, the number of Accounts renewed and the retail
purchase transaction dollar volume and cash advances and cash equivalent dollar volume
(excluding transactions related to refunds, returns and unauthorized transactions), made
during the preceding Program Year quarter on all Accounts.

(b) NJIT will utilize and Deserve will provide the unique URLs and other
applicable tracking codes for reasonably identifying and monitoring the Referrals.
Deserve will make a good faith effort to identify all Referrals.

(c) The usual and customary $50,000.00 program set-up fee is waived and
will not be charged to NJIT.

Reporting.

(a) During the Term and for a period of at least three (3) years thereafter, Deserve
shall keep and maintain complete and accurate records reflecting transaction data with respect
to the Credit Cards, number of Accounts, and the determination of the fees as set forth in
Schedule C. Deserve shall keep such records in accordance with its own internal records
retention policies and procedures. During such time, Deserve shall make all required records
available for review, audit and verification by NJIT upon request, with reasonable advance
notice and during ordinary business hours. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld.
The approved third party will be subject to Article VI Confidential Information and will
execute a separate non disclosure agreement with Deserve prior to audit if needed to effect
coverage of Article VI.

(b) NJIT makes no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to the
credit worthiness of any Credit Card applicant, alumni and/or Customer, including but not
limited to the financial ability of the same to satisfy any debt owed Deserve. NJIT shall not
be responsible for collection of any debt owed to Deserve by any cardholder and Deserve
shall not name NJIT as a defendant in any collection lawsuit associated with the same.
Deserve is solely responsible for making any and all underwriting decision(s) associated with
the provision of credit under this agreement. Deserve promotes the availability of credit to all
creditworthy applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital
status or age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract); or to the fact that the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act,
and Deserve does not discriminate on the basis of any of these factors.

ARTICLE VI: CONFIDENTIALITY

Confidential Information.

(a) "Confidential Information" of a Party means: (i) information that is provided

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 21 of 41
