4.2

materials as it deems appropriate from time to time to promote the Credit Cards among NJIT
Members. Deserve shall market and promote the Credit Cards as it deems appropriate at its
own cost and expense. NJIT shall endorse on an exclusive basis as provided herein all such
promotions and solicitations by Deserve related to the Program. NJIT shall have the right to
review and approve all Program marketing, promotional and solicitation materials that bear
or contain a NJIT Mark, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed; provided however, that NJIT's approval right shall not extend to content in such
materials which Deserve determines to be required by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, NJIT may accept print advertising from any
financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by NJIT or its Affiliates of said financial institution or advertising for an
Exclusive Product.

(d) It is understood by both Parties that all marketing materials in any form must
be approved by Deserve?s banking partner prior to distribution, posting, mailing, e-mailing,
or the dissemination thereof in any form or manner. Such approval can take up to fifteen (15)
business days.

(e) The Parties agree that the Credit Cards shall be promoted and made available
to NJIT Members through the Marketing Channels; provided, however, that Deserve shall
have sole discretion to adjust and/or stop usage of any Marketing Channels as it deems
reasonable or appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, each Marketing Channel used by NJIT
to market or promote the Credit Cards shall promote no other credit cards for NJIT
Members. E-mail promotions frequency to be mutually agreed upon.

(f) NJIT shall, and shall cause any NJIT Affiliates to, only provide information to
or otherwise communicate with NJIT Members or potential NJIT Members about the
Program with the prior written approval of Deserve, except for current advertising and
solicitation materials provided or approved by Deserve. Notwithstanding the above, NJIT
may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from NJIT Members on an individual
basis, provided that such responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current
materials provided or approved by Deserve. Any and all correspondence received by NJIT
that is intended for Deserve (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be
forwarded to Deserve?s account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt.
All charges incurred for this service will be paid by Deserve. Deserve will notify Members or
potential Members in all advertising, solicitation, and disclosure materials that all Program
correspondence should be directed solely to Deserve. .

Use of Marks.

(a) Grant of License to Use the NJIT Marks. During the Term, NJIT hereby
grants to Deserve a limited License to use the NJIT Marks in the United States of America
solely in connection with the Program and in connection with the Marked Plastics (as set
forth in Section 4.6), including the creation, establishment, marketing, issuance and
administration of and the provision of services related to the credit Cards and Marked
Plastics, and pursuant to and otherwise permitted under this Agreement. Such services shall
include, subject to the terms of this Agreement, the solicitation of Customers and potential

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 16 of 41
