12.15

12.16

12.17

12.18

12.19

12.20

in, either such court(s) and waives any objection to venue laid therein. For the purposes of
such actions, proceedings, or counterclaims, service of process on a Party hereto shall be
deemed effective if it is dispatched by certified mail return receipt requested to such Party's
address as provided under the notice provisions of this Agreement.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be in breach hereunder or liable for non-performance
to the extent such Party's performance is prevented by fire, earthquake, tornado, flood,
explosion, embargo, interference by civil or military authority, strikes or other labor
disputes, delays in transit or delivery, terrorism or terrorist activity, war, riot,
governmental regulation or act, act of God or of public enemy, or by any other cause
beyond such Party's reasonable control and without its fault or negligence (each, a
"Force Majeure Event"). A Party's obligations to perform will be excused to the extent,
and for so long, that such performance is prevented by a Force Majeure Event. During
the pendency of such Force Majeure Event, the other Party shall be excused from
performing its obligations under the Agreement that are dependent upon the prior or
parallel performance of the non-performing Party. If a Force Majeure Event shall occur
and be continuing for a period of sixty (60) days or more, then the Party not directly
prevented from performing due to such Force Majeure Event shall have the right, so
long as the Force Majeure Event continues, to terminate this Agreement upon not less
than ninety (90) days prior written notice to the non-performing Party.

Cumulative Remedies. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all remedies
provided for in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to and not in lieu of any
other remedies available to either Party, whether at law, in equity, or otherwise.

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns.

Compliance with Laws. In addition to all Applicable Law, each Party shall perform this
Agreement in accordance with all other applicable federal, state and local laws, including:
(a) Non-Discrimination In Employment and Equal Employment Opportunity (N.J.S.A. 10:2-
1 through 10:2-4 and N.J.S.A. 10:5-31 et seq.; (b) N.J. Public Law 2012, c. 25, Disclosure of
Investment Activities In Iran; and (c) N.J. Public Law 2018, c. 9, Diane B. Allen Equal Pay
Act.

Non-Discrimination. Deserve agrees that it will perform this Agreement and provide its
services hereunder without regard to the age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry,
marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability,
nationality or sex, of any alumni, faculty, staff or student of NJIT. Deserve shall promptly
report to NJIT any instance of such discrimination of which it becomes or reasonably should
have become aware.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 35 of 41
