AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as
of the date of the last signature hereto (the "Effective Date"), by and between DESERVE,
INC. (?DESERVE?), a California company, located at P.O. Box 1286, Menlo Park, CA
94026 and New Jersey Institute of Technology ("NJIT"), a public research university, with
an address of University Heights, Newark, NJ 07102, for themselves and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Deserve and NJIT are at times hereinafter referred to as the
?Parties" and individually as a"Party."

RECITALS:
WHEREAS, Deserve offers certain consumer credit products to the public;

WHEREAS, Deserve desires to make a consumer credit card product available to
qualified members of NJIT, and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to by NJIT
and Deserve (collectively, the "NJIT Members," as defined below);

WHEREAS, NJIT is willing to make certain of its proprietary intellectual property
and marketing channel access available to Deserve and to make certain Lists (as such term is
defined below) available to Deserve in connection with Deserve's offering of Deserve's credit
card product to NJIT Members, and

WHEREAS, NJIT and Deserve desire that the marketing plans for the Mastercard
credit card using NJIT Marks to be developed by the parties as hereinafter set forth will
accomplish the respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of
the Parties herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and

sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the Parties, the Parties hereby agree as
follows:

ARTICLE I: DEFINITIONS; RULES OF INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms set forth below shall have the
meanings set forth herein.
"AAA" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(b).

"AAA Rules" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(b).

"Account" means any credit card account originated pursuant to this Agreement
subsequent to the Effective Date. All Accounts shall be issued on the Mastercard Network.

"Accountholder" has the meaning set forth in Article 2.1.
NJIT 5-28-19 Page 2 of 41
