7.2

8.1

(d) Each Party shall have a program to detect and respond to any information
security breach affecting Customer information, including procedures for notifying
Customers affected by a security breach if and as required by Applicable Law.

Collection, Ownership and Use of Program Consumer Information.

(a) The Parties recognize that the Customers are or may be customers of both
Parties and, thus, that each Party has certain ownership and use rights in the information
relating to Customers that are customers of both Parties. The Parties acknowledge that the
same or similar information may be included in Program Consumer Information and NJIT
Information and, to the extent that information is both Program Consumer Information and
NJIT Information: (i) Deserve shall retain its ownership and use rights in such Program
Consumer Information and (11) NJIT shall retain its ownership and use rights in such NJIT
Information, subject to the limitations, if any, set forth in this Agreement.

(b) Deserve is the owner of all information that is provided to Deserve by
potential Customers or Customers, or by third parties in connection with processing each
Credit Card application, servicing each Account, or otherwise fulfilling its obligations under
this Agreement, including any transaction information obtained by Deserve in processing
transactions with Credit Cards or on Accounts. The information described in this Section
7.2(b), and the information derived therefrom, is referred to as "Program Consumer
Information."

(c) NJIT is the owner of the information, and the information derived therefrom,
that NJIT provides to Deserve for the Program or that NJIT collects outside of the Program
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to NJIT Members, including but not limited to the List
(collectively, the "NJIT Information").

ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION
Term.

(a) Initial Term. This Agreement, unless earlier terminated in accordance with
its terms shall take effect on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect
until June 30, 2027 (the "Initial Term").

(b) Renewal Term. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall extend for
successive one-year periods (each such period, a "Renewal Term" and together with the
Initial Term, the "Term"), upon written agreement of both Parties.

(c) Agreement Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Parties
shall mutually cooperate to wind down the Program. No new Credit Card form factors will
be issued by Deserve after the effective date of termination; provided, all Credit Card form
factors issued by Deserve as of the date of termination of this Agreement will be
permitted to continue to be used by card members in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement through and including the next "valid thru" date (i.e., the expiration date)

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 25 of 41
