limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(d) No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
NJIT, except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(e) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
NJIT will not constitute a knowing violation of any Applicable Law applicable to NJIT.

(f) It has the right and power in the United States of America to license the Marks
to Deserve for use as contemplated by this Agreement, and to provide the Lists to Deserve
for the promotion of the Program.

(g) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
all
instruments and documents to be delivered thereunder: (i) do not and will not contravene
any provisions of its organizational documents; and (ii) will not conflict with or result in the
breach of or constitute a default under any material agreement, or other instrument to which
it is a party or by which it or any of its assets or property are bound.

(h) It is not in default in any material respect of any material contract, agreement,
or other instrument to which it is a Party to the best of its knowledge nor has it received any
notice of default under any such material contract, agreement, or other instrument, other than
defaults which would not have a material adverse effect on its ability to execute this
Agreement or perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(i) It expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Mastercard" by
Mastercard U.S.A. Inc. and agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with Mastercard's
ownership of such mark.

Gj) It represents and warrants that it has the authority to utilize the NJIT
Marks as hereafter described in Article 9 and that it presently has the exclusive authority
to authorize the use of each of such NJIT Marks in the United States of America for the
uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, NJIT represents that
Deserve may regard this representation as a continuing representation by NJIT of its
exclusive authority to authorize the use of each NJIT Mark set forth in Schedule B
throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including NJIT
Marks developed or created by NJIT during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of
this Agreement added to Schedule B by written amendment to this Agreement. NJIT
agrees to provide, if requested, written evidence, satisfactory to Deserve, of the authority
to authorize the use of such trademarks used in conjunction with the NJIT Card and of
any trademark rights notices required when such trademarks are used.

(k) It represents that the use of any of the NJIT Marks by Deserve as
authorized herein by NJIT will not infringe upon or violate any United States of America
patent, copyright or any other proprietary interest of any third party.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 12 of 41
