reimburse Deserve for all such costs and expenses.
4.3 Deserve Marks.

(a) Grant of License to Use the Deserve Marks. Deserve hereby grants to NJIT a
non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the Deserve Marks in the United States of America
solely in connection with the marketing of, and the provision of services related to, the Credit
Cards under the Program, and pursuant to, and as otherwise permitted under, this Agreement.
Deserve represents that it is has permission from Mastercard to permit NJIT to use the
Mastercard name and marks for the Credit Card and such services. Such services may
include, subject to the terms of this Agreement, the solicitation of NJIT Members and the
advertisement, marketing, or promotion of the Credit Cards and/or the Program. All use of
the Deserve Marks by NJIT shall be subject to the prior written approval of Deserve. The
license hereby granted is solely for the use of NJIT and may be used as necessary to permit
the exercise by NJIT of any of its rights and/or the fulfillment of NJIT's obligations under
this Agreement. The license granted hereby may not be sublicensed by NJIT without the
prior written approval of Deserve. NJIT shall cause any subcontractor or other third party
utilizing any Deserve Mark on behalf of NJIT to comply with all of the standards and
limitations on the use of the Deserve Marks contained in this Section 4.3 or as otherwise
specified by Deserve. This license shall be transferred upon permitted assignment of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Deserve from granting to other
persons a license to use the Deserve Marks in conjunction with the provision of any service
or product.

(b) Termination of License. The license granted in this Section 4.2 shall remain in
effect for the Term of this Agreement and shall apply to the Deserve Marks, notwithstanding
the transfer of such Deserve Marks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor Person. Upon termination of this license, all rights in the Deserve Marks shall
revert to Deserve and/or its Affiliate(s), the goodwill connected therewith shall remain the
property of Deserve and its Affiliates, and the NJIT shall discontinue immediately all use of
the Deserve Marks, or any of them, or any colorable imitation thereof.

(c) Ownership of the Deserve Marks. NJIT acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the
Deserve Marks, all rights therein, and the goodwill associated therewith, are, and shall
remain, the exclusive property of Deserve; (ii) it shall take no action which will adversely
affect Deserve's and/or its Affiliate's exclusive ownership of the Deserve Marks, or the
goodwill associated with the Deserve Marks; and (iii) any and all goodwill arising from use
of the Deserve Marks by NJIT shall inure to the benefit of Deserve and/or its Affiliates.
Nothing herein shall give NJIT any proprietary interest in or to the Deserve Marks, except the
right to use the Deserve Marks in accordance with this Agreement, and NJIT shall not contest
Deserve's or its Affiliates' title in and to the Deserve Marks, except as necessary to enforce its
indemnification rights hereunder.

4.4 Lists.

(a) At Deserve's request, NJIT shall promptly provide as complete a List as
possible to Deserve, unless Deserve requests a portion of such List. Updated Lists shall be

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 18 of 41
