4.6

5.1

term, as applicable, solicit proposals for programs offering and/or enter into discussions with
any NJIT for the providing of Exclusive Products of any entity other than Deserve; provided
however, that no such agreement(s) for the provision of Exclusive Products may have an
effective date prior to the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

Marked Plastics.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, Deserve may in its discretion offer to Persons who are cardholders of Deserve
credit card accounts established by Deserve outside of this Program, the opportunity to
request, select and obtain a credit card plastic bearing the Marks approved by NJIT foruse in
connection with this Program (each, a "Marked Plastic"). NJIT agrees that, notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, its approval of Credit Card plastic designs utilizing a
Mark for use in this Program shall also constitute its approval for Deserve to offer and use
such card plastic designs for Marked Plastics in the manner contemplated by this Section 4.6.

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, credit card accounts established by Deserve outside of this Program in
connection with which Marked Plastics are offered and provided as an option for cardholders
thereof shall not be deemed Accounts under this Agreement, and any such Marked Plastics
issued shall not be deemed Credit Cards under this Agreement; provided however, if the
primary cardholder of such credit card account has selected a Marked Plastic as his or her
most recently activated card plastic, such credit card account shall be deemed an Account
under this Agreement, and such Marked Plastic shall be deemed a Credit Card hereunder, in
each case so long as a Marked Plastic remains the last activated card plastic for such
cardholder with respect to such credit card account (a "Converted Account"). Converted
Accounts shall not generate Royalties (ie, New Account Fees) under Schedule C. However,
Converted Accounts will generate Interchange Sharing and count as active accounts for
reaching the threshold described under Schedule C.

(c) | Each Marked Plastic issued by Deserve as of the effective date of termination of
this Agreement (which is not deemed a Credit Card under this Agreement as provided in
Section 4.6 (b), above), may continue to be utilized through and including the next ?valid thru?
date (i.e., the expiration date) associated with such Marked Plastic, as applicable. Upon
termination of this Agreement, NJIT shall not attempt to cause the removal of its Marks from
any Marked Plastics existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement. This
Section 4.6(c) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE V: ECONOMICS AND REPORTING
Economics.
(a) During the term of this Agreement Deserve shall pay NJIT the Royalties
(i.e., New Account Fees) and Interchange Sharing revenues as provided in Schedule C.

All payments will be made within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Program
Year quarter without invoice or further demand, deduction or offset, in lawful money of

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 20 of 41
