"Marked Plastic" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6 (a).

"Marketing Channels" means the various marketing channels as mutually agreed
upon from time to time; through which NJIT and/or Deserve can promote and market the
Credit Card, which may include online and print advertising, conferences, promotional
events which NJIT Members attend, direct mail, e-mail, and/or other channels. For the
avoidance of doubt, any e-mail marketing shall be transmitted by NJIT, and such e-mails
may be authored by Deserve and shall be approved by both parties under their usual and
customary processes. Deserve reserves the right to market to NJIT Members for the Credit
Card, and such e-mails shall be approved by NJIT.

"Marketing Materials" means all advertising, promotional, marketing and solicitation
materials in any form or medium associated with the solicitation or retention of new
Accounts or the offering of Card Related Products and Services.

"Marketing Plan" has the meaning set forth in Article 4.1 (a).

"Marks" means any name, design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, trademark, copyright, and other proprietary designation used or
acquired by NJIT or any of its Affiliates during the Term that is approved by NJIT and
included on Schedule B for use under this Agreement.

"Mastercard" means Mastercard International., Inc. or any other successor in
interest thereto.

"Mastercard Rules" means the bylaws, procedures, rules, standards and
regulations of Mastercard, and any determination or finding of Mastercard, applicable to
or binding upon a Party's duties or obligations with respect to the Program.

"Member" means any Person who is, as of the date of such determination, a member
of the NJIT community, including, without limitation, students and alumni members.

"Member Information" means information pertaining solely to transactions or
experiences between NJIT and its Members.

Member List" means a listing of the names, addresses, telephone numbers and e-
mail addresses of Members. The Member List shall exclude (a) Members who have not
reached the age of majority; (b) Members who have exercised their right under Applicable
Law to opt-out of marketing solicitations (or failed to opt-in where so required by Applicable
Law); (c) Members who have opted out of marketing solicitations pursuant to NJIT's privacy
policy; and (d) Members not appropriate for inclusion on the Member List under NJIT
policies and practices.

"Network" means Mastercard U.S.A., Inc. or any other successor in interest
thereto.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 7 of 41
