3.3

(i) It is not in default in any material respect of any material contract, agreement,
or other instrument to which it is a party nor has it received any notice of default under any
such material contract, agreement, or other instrument, other than defaults which would not
have a material adverse effect on its ability to execute this Agreement or perform its
obligations under this Agreement.

G) It acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth
and accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or
relating to Deserve or its Affiliates, or their business, products or services, made or
included, expressly or implied, by Deserve or with its prior written consent, whether in
any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or editorials, or
otherwise.

(k) It represents and warrants that it has the authority to utilize the Deserve Marks
as hereafter described in Article 9 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize
the use of each of such Deserve Marks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this
Agreement; further, Deserve represents that NJIT may regard this representation as a
continuing representation by Deserve of its exclusive authority to authorize the use of each
Deserve Mark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement,
including Deserve Marks developed or created by Deserve during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement. Deserve agrees to provide, if requested, written evidence,
satisfactory to NJIT, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks used in
conjunction with the NJIT Card and of any trademark rights notices required when such
trademarks are used.

() It represents that the use of any of the Deserve Marks by NJIT as authorized
herein by Deserve will not infringe upon or violate any patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

Representations and Warranties of both Parties. Deserve and NJIT make the following
mutual representations and warranties to one another as of the Effective Date and at all times
thereafter throughout the Term:

(a) Each Party acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer
protection laws and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of
consumer credit cards to students, underage persons and others (collectively, the "Protected
Consumers") as described in those laws and implementing regulations. Each party further
acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are, or are intended to be, included in
the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or solicited to apply for a
consumer credit card under this Agreement. Each Party agrees it will not, in any way, solicit
or promote the NJIT Card to any such Protected Consumers. As such, each Party
acknowledges and agrees that will at all times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-
Lending Act (15 U.S.C. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and Disclosure Act of
2009 (Pub L. No. 111-34, 133 Stat. 1734 (3009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C.
1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now
exist or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation and

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 14 of 41
