i. Either party may, upon written notice to the other, terminate any SOW if the other party materially
breaches its obligations under that SOW or this Agreement and the breaching party fails to cure
that material breach within 90 days following its receipt of written notice stating, with particularity
and in reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach; provided, that if a party materially
breaches Section 12 (Confidentiality) or Section 13 (Data Security), the non-breaching party may
terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party.

ii. Either party may terminate this Agreement and/or any SOW for convenience upon ninety (90) days
prior written notice to the other.

ii. You acknowledge that BECU is a regulated entity, subject to supervision and examination by state
and federal agencies with jurisdiction over the business and operations of credit unions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement upon
sixty (60) days written notice to you if any such agency informs us (in connection with an
examination or otherwise) that our relationship with you or the terms and conditions of this
Agreement violate any state or federal law, rule, regulation or interpretation or otherwise pose a risk
to our safety and soundness.

Effect of Termination. Upon the expiration or any termination of this Agreement or any SOW, all rights
and obligations of the parties and all licenses granted under this Agreement and/or the affected SOW
will cease. However, neither the expiration nor any termination of this Agreement or any SOW will
affect any rights or obligations of the parties incurred prior to the effective date of expiration or
termination.

. Survival. Neither the expiration nor any termination of the Agreement will terminate the obligations or

liabilities of the parties under Section 6 (Relationship with Members), Section 11 (Licensing of Marks),
Section 12 (Confidentiality) Section 15 (Limitation of Liability) and Section 16 (Indemnification), and all
others that by their sense and context are stated or intended to survive and continue in effect after the
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

18. Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing. Notices must be
delivered personally, mailed via first class mail (postage prepaid), or delivered by confirmed electronic or
digital means, to the following addresses:

If to BECU: If to Affinity Group:
BECU University of Washington Alumni Association
12770 Gateway Drive 4333 Brooklyn Avenue NE
Tukwila, WA P.O. Box 359508
Seattle, WA 98195
Attn: Legal Department Attn: Executive Director

Either party may change the addresses for notice by giving notice to the other. All notices will be deemed
received on the date personally delivered, three days after being placed properly in the mail, or when
electronic or digital confirmation is received.

19. Miscellaneous Provisions.

a.

b.

d.

Binding Agreement. This Agreement is binding upon the parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns.

Governing Law; Venue; Attorneys Fees. This Agreement and any SOW will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington. Any action to resolve a dispute or
enforce the terms of this Agreement must be brought in Seattle, Washington in a court of appropriate
jurisdiction. The substantially prevailing party in any action or proceeding will be entitled to an award of
all costs and expenses incurred in the action, including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs.

Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties knowingly and voluntarily agree to waive the right to a trial by jury in
any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement.

Non-Waiver, Remedies Cumulative. No failure, delay or forbearance of either party in insisting upon or
enforcing any provision of this Agreement, or in exercising any rights or remedies under this

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 6 of 8
