(d) Upon the termination of this Agreement BECU shall promptly destroy and purge from all
of its systems the Marketing List and any portion thereof, including any full or partial copies or
reproductions hereof; provided however, that BECU shall be entitled to retain archiva
information as reasonably necessary to continue to service BECU Member accounts, to b
prepared to respond to governmental regulatory inquiry, and/or to demonstrate compliance with
this Agreement and with applicable law, as long as such information is not used to solicit
UWAA Members who are not BECU?s customers for any product or service offered by BECU
Notwithstanding the forgoing, BECU may solicit any person whose name and/or other
information is obtained from BECU?s own customer account information pursuant to paragraph
6(c) above.

Q re

(e) On an annual basis, BECU will furnish UWAA aggregate level information about
BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards account holders (?Participant Information?) in a manner
that is compliant with all applicable privacy-related, banking or financial regulations or laws.
The Participant Information will not include any personally identifiable information, such as
account holder names, account numbers, addresses, phone numbers, SSNs, etc.

USE OF TRADEMARKS.

(a) BECU hereby grants UWAA a limited, non-transferable non-exclusive license to use the
BECU Trademarks identified on Exhibit A solely in conjunction with the promotion of the
BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will
apply to the BECU Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such BECU Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or
individual. BECU will provide UWAA all BECU Trademark production materials (e.g., camera
ready art) required by UWAA for the promotion of the BECU/UW co-branded Credit Cards.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits BECU from granting to other persons a license to use
the BECU Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product.
UWAA acknowledges and agrees that, subject to its license to use the BECU Trademarks,
BECU shall own all rights, title and interests in and to the BECU Trademarks.

(b) UWAA hereby grants BECU a limited, exclusive and non-transferable license to use the
UWAA Trademarks identified on Exhibit B solely in conjunction with the promotion of the
BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 2(c) above, this license will remain in effect
only for the duration of this Agreement and will apply to the UWAA Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such UWAA Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UWAA will provide BECU all
UWAA Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by BECU for the
issuance and promotion of the BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits UWAA from granting to other persons a license to use the UWAA
Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product. BECU
acknowledges and agrees that, subject to its license to use the UWAA Trademarks, UWAA or
the University of Washington shall own all rights, title and interests in and to the UWAA
Trademarks. Nothing herein shall authorize, BECU to use the University of Washington?s ?W?
Trademark alone, in any manner, other than on the BECU/UWAA Co-branded Credit Cards or
within an image of the BECU/UWAA Co-branded Credit Cards, without prior express written

6 of 13
