ii. Permitted Disclosures and Conditions. Recipient may disclose Information to (i) its employees who
have a need to know; (ii) its attorneys and accountants as necessary in the ordinary course of its
business; and (iii) any other person with Discioser?s prior written consent. Before disclosure to any
of the above persons, Recipient agrees to have in-place a written agreement with (or a professional
obligation of confidentiality from) such person sufficient to require that person to treat Information in
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement. Recipient may disclose Information to the
extent required by law or legal process, provided that (A) Recipient gives Discloser prompt notice, if
legally permissible, so that Discloser may seek a protective order; (B) Recipient reasonably
cooperates with Discloser (at Discloser?s expense) in seeking a protective order; and (C) all such
Information will remain subject to this Agreement.

iii. NPPI. The parties intend that NPP! should receive the most stringent protections described in the
GLBA and any applicable state law that affords consumers greater protection than the GLBA
(collectively, ?Privacy Laws?). Accordingly, Discloser agrees that prior to providing Recipient with
access to any NPPI, Discloser will ensure that any necessary consent has been obtained that is
required by applicable Privacy Laws for Recipient to access and use the NPPI as contemplated by
this Agreement. Recipient specifically agrees not to use or disclose any NPP! except in accordance
with, and to the minimum extent expressly permitted by the Privacy Laws.

iv. Return or Destruction of Information. At Recipient's option, information will be returned to Discloser
or destroyed at the termination or expiration of this Agreement or the applicable SOW. Upon
Discloser's request, Recipient will certify to Discloser in writing that it has complied with the
requirements of this paragraph.

v. injunctive Relief. Recipient acknowledges that any breach of this Section may cause irreparable
harm to Discloser for which monetary damages alone may be insufficient. Recipient acknowledges
that Discloser will have the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against such a breach or
threatened breach, in addition to all other remedies available to it at law or otherwise.

13. Data Security. Each party has implemented and will maintain an information security program that is
designed to meet the following objectives: (i) protect the security and confidentiality of ?consumer
information ? (as defined in the GLBA); (ii) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security
or integrity of such information; (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that
could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any consumer; and (iv) ensure the proper disposal of
consumer information.

14. Representations and Warranties.

a.

b.

By Us. We will perform our obligations under this Agreement with reasonable skill care and diligence;
and in performing our obligations under this Agreement, we will comply with all Applicable Laws.

By You. You will perform your obligations under this Agreement with reasonable skill, care and
diligence, and in compliance with all Applicable Laws, and you will not share, recompile, decompile,
disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from,
any software or hardware contained in the Landing Page or our website.

By Both. BECU and Affinity Group each represent and promise to the other that (i) it is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under applicable laws, (ii) no consent, approval or authorization
from any third party is required in connection with its execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, (iii) it has the right, power and authority to perform its obligations under, and to enter into,
this Agreement; (iv) it will cooperate with the other in the performance of this Agreement at all times in
good faith; and (v) no Marks licensed under this Agreement will infringe a United States copyright,
trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party.

Warranties are Limited. THE WARRANTIES STATED ABOVE AND IN ANY STATEMENTS OF
WORK ARE LIMITED WARRANTIES AND ARE THE ONLY WARRANTIES MADE BY THE PARTIES.
ADDITIONALLY, WE DO NOT REPRESENT THAT THE OFFERED SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR THE REQUIREMENTS OF YOUR MEMBERS. WE DO NOT REPRESENT
THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LANDING PAGE OR THE OFFERED SERVICES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 4 of 8
