as contemplated by Section 11.e. below. When these licenses terminate or expire, (i) all rights in
the WSU Marks will revert to WSUAA and/or WSU, and any associated goodwill will remain the
property of WSUAA and/or WSU, and (ii) all rights in the BECU Marks will revert to BECU, and any
associated goodwill will remain the property of BECU.

Expenses. If WSUAA requests a change in or replacement of any WSU/WSUAA Mark used in
connection with this Agreement, and BECU incurs a cost or expense (e.g., the cost of reissuing
replacement card plastics, creating new marketing materials, and/or disposal of obsolete
inventories), then WSUAA will bear and/or promptly reimburse BECU for all such costs and
expenses.

7. Competing Card Products.

a.

Limited Exclusivity. Except as provided in Subsection 7.b below, the rights granted to BECU to
offer a Co-branded Card are exclusive for the Term of this Agreement. Other than with respect to
co-branded airline reward credit card products offered by other financial institutions, WSUAA may
not directly or indirectly (i) license, use, or allow any other person to license or use, any of the WSU
Marks in connection with the promotion, offer, or use of a co-branded credit or debit card product
offered by any other financial institution; or (ii) sponsor, advertise, issue, support, develop, market,
solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than BECU) the
providing of such a product.

Airline Reward Credit Card. WSUAA retains the right to solicit, offer, negotiate and partner with
a bank, or other financial institution, and an airline to offer Supporters an airlines credit card. The
sponsoring, advertising, developing, marketing, and soliciting proposals for airlines rewards credit
card programs, as well as the use of WSU/WSUAA Marks in relation to the offering, promotion and
marketing of an airlines rewards credit card program, shall not violate the terms of this Agreement
or cause WSUAA to be in breach.

Rights of First Refusal. During the Term of this Agreement, WSUAA will not, directly, or indirectly
through an affiliate, enter into any agreement relating to Co-Branded Credit and Debit Cards with
any entity other than BECU except in compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 7.

If, at any time during the Term, WSUAA receives a bona fide written offer to co-brand a debit or
credit card, including an airline reward credit card, that WSUAA desires to accept, WSUAA shall
notify BECU in writing of such offer and provide BECU a right of first refusal as described in
Section 7(c)(ii) below.

Procedures. WSUAA must give BECU at least ninety (90) days? written notice prior to entering
into any agreement described in this Section 7. The notice must include a complete and accurate
description of all of the bona fide material terms of the proposed agreement that WSUAA is legally
allowed to share with such financial institution. Within thirty (30) days after its receipt of such
notice, BECU will notify WSUAA in writing whether it is willing to enter into an agreement with
WSUAA with substantially similar terms as fhose described in the notice. If BECU?s notice
indicates that it is willing to enter into such an agreement, the parties agree to negotiate in good
faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate and execute such an agreement within
sixty (60) days after the date of BECU?s notice. If the parties are not able to reach such an
agreement, or if BECU notifies WSUAA that BECU does not wish to enter into such an
agreement, within that time frame then WSUAA will be free to enter into an agreement with such
financial institution with terms that are substantially similar to those contained within WSUAA's
notice to BECU.

8. Representations and Warranties. Each of the parties make the following representations and
warranties to the other, both as of the date of this Agreement and throughout its Term:

a.

Itis duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Washington.

4
4820-2177-2950.3

