CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

This Co-Branding Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is made effective as of Oudhw , 2019 (the
?Effective Date?) by and between Boeing Employees? Credit Union, a Washington state chartered credit
union ("BECU?), and the Washington State University Alumni Association, a Washington nonprofit
corporation (?WSUAA?).

Background

BECU makes MasterCard debit cards and VISA credit cards available to its members. The parties wish to
offer eligible WSUAA Supporters the opportunity to obtain certain co-branded MasterCard debit cards
and/or VISA credit cards bearing both the WSU Marks and the BECU Marks (the ?Co-branded Cards?),
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Terms and Conditions

1. Definitions. The following capitalized terms used in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

j-

k.

?Account Agreements? has the meaning set forth in Section 2.
?Agents? has the meaning set forth in Section 14.

?BECU Marks? means the designs, images, visual representations, logos, service marks, trade
dress, trade names, trademarks, and/or other proprietary designations of BECU listed or included
on the attached Schedule A, along with any associated goodwill, as may be amended by BECU
from time to time upon notice to WSUAA.

?Claims? has the meaning set forth in Section 12.
?Confidential Information? has the meaning set forth in Section 14.
?Marks? means the BECU Marks and WSU/WSUAA Marks.

?WSU/WSUAA Marks? means the designs, images, visual representations, logos, service marks,
trade dress, trade names, trademarks, and/or other proprietary designations of Washington State
University, an institution of higher education and an agency of the state of Washington (?WSU?)
that WSUAA is expressly authorized by WSU to use and sub-license for use, listed or included on
the attached Schedule B, along with any associated goodwill, as may be amended by WSUAA
from time to time upon notice to BECU.

?Supporters? means alumni, faculty, and supporters of WSU who may or may not be BECU
members.

?Supporters List? means an accurate, updated, and current list containing non-duplicate names,
with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers and email
addresses of all Supporters over the age of 18 of whom WSUAA has records, who have not
expressly requested that WSUAA not provide their personal information to third parties.

?Term? has the meaning set forth in Section 9.

?Termination Date? has the meaning set forth in Section 11.

2. Co-Branded Cards. BECU will market and offer to Supporters the opportunity to apply for and/or
obtain one or more Co-branded Cards. Each Co-branded Card will allow cardholders to make

4820-2177-2950.3

