Addendum A
BECU AFFINITY PROGRAM
Statement of Work

This Statement of Work (?SOW?) is part of and subject to the BECU Affinity Program Master Agreement dated
as of Apel 32, 209?7("MSA?) between Boeing Employees? Credit Union ("BECU") and the University of
Washin?ton Alumni Association (?UWAA?). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this SOW are defined in
the MSA.

1. Overview

BECU will offer UWAA members who apply and qualify for credit union membership and convenience of
banking services at BECU.

The provision of these Services will focus on the following objectives:
e Provide banking services to UWAA members that is cost neutral to UWAA
e Offer valuable, consistent and predictable services for members, employees and contractors
e Strengthen the UWAA Brand

BECU will offer the following services to UWAA members that apply for and qualify for credit union
membership and become a BECU member:

e Banking services customarily offered by BECU
e Use of automated teller machines at BECU locations (with no additional fees)
e Banking advisement and education services
e UWAA discount program participation
2. Financial Education Services

UWAA will allow BECU representatives to provide financial education services to UWAA members either
remotely or at onsite locations, as follows:

e Financial education may He offered to all UWWAA members (i) online, (ii) through live webinars, and/or
(iii) through in-person seminars at a common location.

e Live and in-person training will be scheduled to occur on a quarterly or other basis and at such
reasonable times and locations as the parties may agree.

e Financial education sessions may cover all services offered by BECU, as well as other relevant topics
selected by BECU in its sole discretion

e Financial Health Checks may be offered to UWAA members who are also BECU members
3. Discount Program Participation

BECU use commercially reasonable efforts to offer UWAA members reasonable discounts on select products
and services that are not otherwise available to the general public, as outlined in the SLA.

4. Working Together
a. Performance Management Metrics

Each party will be responsible for meeting the performance metrics set forth in the Service Level Agreement
attached to this SOW. Each party will report to the other quarterly its Performance Metrics on the requirements
of this SOW and problem resolution. Each party will investigate and provide explanations for service failures
as oulined in the SLA. UWAA and BECU will finalize agreement on reporting package. UWAA and BECU
shall be accountable for performance metrics outlined in the Service Level Agreement (SLA).

b. Account Management

BECU and UWAA will designate an overall Account Representative, who will be the primary contact for
purposes of the MSA and this SOW. Each Account Representative will participate in periodic business

UWAA Affinity MSA Statement of Work (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 4 of 3
