It has all necessary power to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
The negotiation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all instruments and
documents to be delivered under this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary or
proper corporate action.

This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with
its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of
equity.

No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the
negotiation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been
obtained and are in full force and effect.

It has all rights and powers to license its respective Marks for use as contemplated by this
Agreement.

The negotiation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement: (i) will not constitute a
violation of any applicable law; (ii) do not contravene any provisions of its organizational
documents; and (iii) will not conflict with or result in the breach of or constitute a default under any
material agreement, or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets or
property are bound.

It is not in default in any material respect of any material contract, agreement, or other instrument
to which it is a party nor has it received any notice of default under any such material contract,
agreement, or other instrument, other than defaults which would not have a material adverse effect
on its ability to execute this Agreement or perform its obligations under this Agreement.

It either owns or has the authority to license the use and reproduction of its Marks pursuant to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and that such Marks are not subject to any other exclusive
license or sublicense that would prevent use of such Marks for purposes of this Agreement.

The use and reproduction of its Marks in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will not
constitute an infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of any third party.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE,
AND THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will continue until September

30", 2024 unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Term").

10. Termination.

a.

For Breach. Either party may, upon written notice to the other, terminate this Agreement if the
other party materially breaches its obligations under this Agreement and the breaching party fails
to cure such material breach within thirty (30) days following its receipt of written notice stating, with
particularity and in reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach, or if the breach cannot be
cured within thirty (30) days, the party's failure to take reasonable steps towards curing such
breach.

4820-2177-2950.3

