2022 $287,171 June 30, 2022

Payment shall be made each year on or before June 30 of each year, commencing with June
30, 2015 with the last payment on or before June 30, 2022. In addition to the above
payments, BECU will make annual matching donations to UWAA in specific support of its
public higher education advocacy efforts of $50,000 each year of the Agreement for a total
contribution of $400,000.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UWAA.

(a) UWAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement and any extension thereto that:

(i) UWAA will endorse the BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards exclusively and
that neither UWAA, the University, nor any UWAA Affiliate will, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (1) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop or
market credit cards of any entity other than BECU; and (2) license, allow others to
license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the UWAA Trademarks in relation to
or for promoting any credit cards of any entity other than BECU. Notwithstanding the
foregoing and anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, UWAA may continue its
promotion and sponsorship program for the Alaska Airlines Signature Credit Card, or
another airline/UW co-branded credit card that might replace the Alaska Airlines
Signature Credit Card program.

Gi) = BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards will exclusively be promoted as ?the official
credit cards of the University of Washington.?

(iii) UWAA may accept print or internet advertising from any financial institution
provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by
UWAA of said financial institution or advertising for credit cards. The fact that a
financial institution is a sponsor of UWAA, UWAA Affiliate or the University of
Washington shall not, in and of itself constitute an express or implied endorsement by
UWAA of that financial institution.

(iv) Nothing herein shall prohibit UWAA, UWAA Affiliate or the University of
Washington from entering into agreements with financial institutions, other than BECU,
to provide financial services and products other than the credit cards, as defined herein, to
its members, UW alumni, and UW supporters. However, in each case when UWAA
considers entering into sponsorship agreements for financial services and products other
than credit cards, UWAA agrees to allow BECU the opportunity to offer its products and
services for consideration.

(b) UWAA agrees to provide BECU with such information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by BECU in connection with the Program, including assistance in
developing, coordinating and implementing the Promotional Program when requested by BECU.

(c) Subject to UWAA?s approval of an annual marketing plan, UWAA authorizes BECU to
solicit Potential Program Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, telephone or any other means for promoting the BECU/UW Co-branded Credit
Cards.

4 of 13
