6. Relationship with Members. Each Member who obtains an Offered Service is our customer with respect
to that Offered Service. You will not be considered a creditor or debtor with respect to any such Offered
Service. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Agreement or any SOW, you have no rights or
obligations whatsoever with respect to any such Offered Service.

7. Exclusivity. During the term of this Agreement and any SOW, we will be the sole and exclusive provider
of the Offered Services to your members. You will not enter into an agreement with any other entity to
obtain services similar or identical to the Offered Services without our prior written consent; provided,
however, that this restriction will not apply to any written agreements in effect prior to the Effective Date
between Affinity Group and one or more third parties to provide financial products or services to Affinity
Group or its Members (including, without limitation, your existing agreement with Bank of America to offer
Alaska Airlines credit cards to your Members). You acknowledge that we provide similar financial products
and services to other entities and affinity groups, and you agree that nothing in this Agreement will restrict
or limit our ability to continue to do so.

8. Compliance. Each party promises to conduct all activities under this Agreement and any SOW in full
compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, guidelines and
regulatory interpretations, including but not limited to, the Credit Card Accountability and Responsibility and
Disclosure Act of 2009, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Dodd Frank Act's prohibitions on Unfair,
Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices (the ?UDAAP Prohibition?), the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (?GLBA?), the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the
Telemarketing Sales Rule, and the rules of the National Automated Clearing House Association and any
applicable credit card association, all as amended (together, ?Applicable Laws?).

9. Access to Records; Audits. You will cooperate in providing to us, our auditors or any state or Federal
regulators access to and copies of any records, audit reports and other information we may reasonably
request to enable us to monitor and evaluate your compliance with Applicable Laws and this Agreement.

10. Performance Standards.

a. Service Level Agreements. You and we agree to meet or exceed the service levels (?Service Levels?)
associated with each Offered Service as specified in a Service Level Agreement (?SLA?) within an
associated SOW. The SLA may specify methods for collecting, measuring and reporting service level
data and performance measurements. Each party agrees to provide the other upon request and
without charge reasonably detailed information relating to the measurement, monitoring and
procedures used, as well as the reports and other output of those measurements.

b. Service Failure. If you or we fail to meet one or more Service Levels (the ?Failing Party"), the other
party (Reporting Party") may provide written notice to the Failing Party documenting the reasons for
the failure. The Failing Party will then use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the failure as
promptly as possible. Unless otherwise specified in the SLA, if the Failing Party fails, or is unable, to
cure a failure in accordance with the SLA, the Reporting Party may: (i) grant the Failing Party additional
time as to cure the Service failure, (ii) request a modification to this Agreement, the SOW or the SLA to
address the failure and continuation of the Agreement, or (iii) declare a default under this Agreement
and terminate ail or part of this Agreement or all or part of a SOW. The Reporting Party's rights under
this Section are in addition to the rights afforded to it by the SOW, this Agreement or by law.

11. Licensing of Marks.

a. Definition of ?Marks.? As used in this Agreement, the word ?Marks? means all current and future names,
trademarks, service marks, stylized marks, photographs, copyrights, and logos that are owned by you
or us, as applicable, or that you or we have a right to use and license, together with all related
applications and registrations.

b. Grant_of License. Each party ("Licensor?) grants to the other (?Licensee?) a non-exclusive,
nontransferable license to use Licensor?s Marks during the term of this Agreement, solely in connection
with the Offered Services, and subject to any additional limitations and restrictions set forth in a relevant
SOW. Licensee may not sublicense the Marks unless (i) Licensor has authorized Licensee to do so in

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 2 of 8
