(2) Cardholder service inquiries and billing dispute matters.

b. Compliance. CCCU warrants that card services, inclusive, but not limited to, all disclosures,
marketing materials, related documents and materials, provided under this Agreement will at all
times be in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to credit card
operations.

6. Advertising and Supplies. | Sponsor agrees to promote and support the Sponsor Plan on a
continuing basis as follows:

a. Sponsor agrees to allow CCCU to publicize the Sponsor Plan to Sponsor?s
constituents by including information and availability of Credit Cards in certain
issues of Sponsor?s print and electronic newsletters as determined by Sponsor provided
Sponsor is not prohibited from doing so by applicable law.

b. Sponsor agrees to display promotional linked image banner on key web pages for the
duration of the term of this agreement.

c. Sponsor will enable CCCU to contact by mail and email to all constituents of the
sponsor upon request at least quarterly each year.

d. Sponsor will enable CCCU to display advertising of the availability of credit cards
in its facilities for constituents and employees. (not including students on campus).

e. CCCU will print and provide all advertising supplies (i.e. credit card applications, flyers
and inserts).

f. Sponsor shall have the right, prior to their first use, to approve all marketing and

advertising materials used by CCCU

7. Royalties to Sponsor. In consideration for the use of the property rights of Sponsor
including its name, logos and other materials indicating Sponsor?s affiliation with CCCU,
CCCU agrees to pay to Sponsor royalties as described in Exhibit A of this Agreement, no later
than sixty (60) days after the last day of each calendar quarter.

8. Collections. CCCU agrees that it will follow its own business practice in the collection of
delinquent or defaulted cardholder accounts, and that it will exercise the same care to protect the interest of
Sponsor as it does to protect its own. CCCU shall be entitled to use its own discretion with respect to
exercising or refraining from exercising or taking or refraining from taking any action which it may be
entitled to take, or assert under the terms of the agreement between the cardholders and CCCU or which it
may be entitled to assert against any other financial institution relating to the clearing of items,
interchanging of items, and other relationships between financial institutions which are part of MasterCard
or Visa. CCCU reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to settle, compromise, or adjust any dispute arising
out of or relating to any part of the Credit Card transaction giving rise to any claim.

All out-of-pocket expenses, court costs, and attorney?s fees arising out of the collection of the amounts due
and payable to CCCU by cardholders shall be borne by CCCU.

9. Termination, This Agreement will remain in full force and effect for a period of five (5) years
from the date below (hereinafter referred to as the ?Initial Term?) and thereafter will automatically renew
for an additional one year (hereinafter referred to as the ?Renewal Term?) unless terminated in writing by
either party at least one hundred and twenty (120) days before the then appropriate termination date of the
Initial Term or the Renewal Term. Sponsor agrees that during the term of this Agreement neither Sponsor
nor any of its affiliates shall engage in the business of CCCU as described in paragraph 2 of this
Agreement. .

10. Cure Period. In the event that either party defaults in the performance of any obligation hereunder
(herein a ?Default??), such party shall have thirty (30) days from the receipt of written notice describing
such Default from the non-defaulting party to either: (i) remedy the Default or (ii) if the Default cannot be
remedied within such thirty (30) day period and such party shall have received an extension of time or
waiver from the non-defaulting party, initiate substantive steps to remedy the Default and diligently
hereafter pursues same.

11. Proprietary Nature of Sponsor Plan. Sponsor acknowledges that the affinity Credit Card program
hereunder consists of computer programs, procedures, forms, User?s Manual, information and materials
which constitute trade secrets and property of great value owned by CCCU, having been acquired by and

Revision 5-22-14 Page 2

?~
