through the expenditure of time, effort and money, and that the foregoing are the trade secrets of CCCU and
that any disclosure to others of any of the programs, procedures, forms, information or other materials will
result in substantial monetary loss and irreparable damage to CCCU. Sponsor therefore agrees to treat all
such programs, procedures, forms, User?s Manual, information and materials confidentially and to
safeguard them, using the same care and discretion that Sponsor uses with data that Sponsor regards as
confidential. Sponsor further agrees not to disclose to any person, directly or indirectly, except as required
in the proper performance of this Agreement, any information, terms, prices, or services defined in this
Agreement. All specifications, tapes, programs and other materials developed in connection with this
Agreement shall be and remain at all times during the term of this Agreement the exclusive property of
CCCU. Sponsor further agrees that if this Agreement is terminated for any reason, the provisions of this
Paragraph, Paragraph 9 and Paragraph 16 shall survive such termination and shall continue in full force and
effect as if such termination had not occurred.

12. Amendments, Additions, Deletions and Assignments. Amendments, additions or deletions may

be made to this agreement upon the mutual consent of both parties, in writing and signed by their respective
authorized officers, with any such amendments, additions or deletions to become effective as of the date
and year of receipt and execution at and by CCCU thereof unless otherwise provided. This Agreement
supersedes and replaces any previous agreement between the parties relating to the Sponsor Plan.

13. Miscellaneous. CCCU is an independent contractor under the terms of this Agreement; nothing
herein shall constitute either party hereto a partner of or joint venture with the other party. For venue
purposes, this Agreement is performable in Los Angeles County, California. This Agreement shall be
interpreted in accordance with California and applicable federal laws.

14. Authority. CCCU represents and warrants that it is authorized to enter this Agreement in
accordance with its organizational documents and the rules promulgated by MasterCard and Visa. Sponsor
represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable bylaws and rules of MasterCard and Visa, as
such bylaws and rules change from time to time, the parties agreeing that such changes shall automatically
be incorporated into the operational procedures and considerations of this Agreement. Sponsor represents
and warrants that it has full authority and rights to its name and logo (hereinafter referred to as ?Marks?)
see Exhibit B and for the purpose of this Agreement provides CCCU the authority to use Marks in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. It is understood that in the event Marks are altered,
Sponsor may be responsible for various costs related to such changes.

15. Indemnification.

(a) CCCU will indemnify, defend and hold Sponsor, its directors, officers, employees and
Sponsor harmless from and against all losses arising out of or related to CCCU?s
performance under this Agreement, including but not limited to CCCU?s breach of its
representation and warranty under this Agreement, any and all claims arising out of or in
connection with the issuance and use of the Credit Cards, and any and all claims arising
out of CCCU?s action to collect amounts due on the Credit Cards.

(b) Sponsor shall indemnify and hold CCCU harmless from and against all claims, actions,
suits or other proceedings by any third party, and any and all losses, judgments, damages,
expenses or other cost relating thereto, arising from or in any way relating to (i) any
actual or alleged violation or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of Sponsor
contained in Paragraph 15 hereof, (ii) any actual or alleged infringement of any
trademark, copyright, trade name or other proprietary ownership interest resulting from
the use by CCCU of Marks of Sponsor as contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) any
negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of Sponsor or its directors, officers,
employees, Sponsors or assigns in connection with the entry or performance of this
Agreement.

16. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time hereafter be declared by court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the
remaining portions of this instrument, and this instrument shall be construed and enforced as though such
illegal or invalid provision or provisions had never appeared herein.

17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be

deemed to be the original for all purposes, but all of said counterparts shall be deemed to constitute but one
agreement.

Revision 5-22-14 Page 3
