BYU | ALUMNI

Miscellaneous. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to its
subject matter, supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements (whether oral or in writing) between the
Parties concerning such subject matter and may be modified or amended only by a written instrument
signed by each Party. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party (i) the individual signing this
Agreement on its behalf is duly authorized to do so, and (ii) no representations have been made or relied
upon by either Party other than those expressly provided for. This Agreement may be executed via
delivery of a facsimile transmission or other commonly used electronic means (e.g., via a PDF attachment)
in one or more counterpart(s), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which, taken together,
shall constitute one and the same agreement. No agent, employee or other representative of either Party
is empowered to alter any of this Agreement?s terms, unless in a written instrument signed by an
authorized officer or agent of the appropriate Party. A waiver by either Party of any of the terms or
conditions of this Agreement in any instance will not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of such term
or condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof. This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Utah, without giving effect to its conflict of law
rules.

Product and Organization Descriptions. Descriptions of Sponsor or any other company shall not be
required to include price information, endorsements, or inducements to purchase any product of sponsor,
but rather any such description shall be value-neutral; provided, however, that BYU?s acknowledgment
may include Sponsor?s logos and slogans that are an established part of the Sponsor?s identity.

Non-Use of Names. Sponsor hereby grants BYU worldwide royalty-free permission to use authorized
logos and brands of Sponsor to fulfill obligations resulting from this Agreement. The rights provided

herein are bound to the lifetime of the materials related to the event, printed or electronic.

End of Agreement

Page 5o0f 5
