?o BYU | ALUMNI

o Sponsor has the option to promote itself at BYU athletic venues where appropriate with
prior review and approval of Sponsorship Materials by BYU

o Use or promotion by BYU or BYU Alumni of a BYU-branded fan card/gift card (non-bank,
non-credit union underwriter) is not precluded by this Agreement

CONTRACT AND PAYMENT TERMS:
This Agreement?s Term (?Term?) is July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2026. Each year of the Term will run
from July 1 of a calendar year to June 30 of the next calendar year (?Contract Year?).

Annual payments as described above shall be made to BYU Alumni upon invoicing by BYU. Inovices shall
be due by July 1 of each Contract Year during the Term, beginning July 1, 2021. (Net thirty days. Checks
should be made payable to Brigham Young University.)

Sponsor will review bi-annually (January 1 and July 1) the success of the credit card transactions and make
payable any additional Bonus Amounts based on the criteria outlined above. After the July 1 review, any
additional Bonus Amounts will be paid out within thirty days.

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Sponsor and BYU agree to the following additional terms and conditions of this Agreement:

Trademarks. Except as otherwise agreed by Sponsor and BYU in writing, no authorization is granted,
beyond what is specified herein, to Sponsor for use of BYU?s names, logos, trademarks, service marks,
trade names or other identifying indicia (?Trademarks?). Accordingly, any such use is prohibited without
the express written consent of BYU.

Insurance. Sponsor shall carry at all times during the Term: (i) commercial general liability insurance
(including, without limitation, premises-operations, broad-form property damage, products and
completed operations, contractual liability, independent contractors and personal and advertising injury)
with a minimum combined single limit for each occurrence of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), a
general aggregate of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) and a separate products-completed operations
aggregate of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000); (ii) commercial automobile liability insurance with a
minimum combined single limit of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident; (iii)
workers? compensation insurance, as required by applicable law; (iv) employer?s liability insurance with
minimum limits of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident and One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000) for disease coverage for each employee and policy; and (v) umbrella liability
insurance with a minimum combined single limit for each occurrence of at least One Million Dollars
($1,000,000) and an aggregate of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000). Sponsor?s automobile liability,
general liability and umbrella liability policies are to (i) be written on a primary and non-contributory
basis, and (ii) name BYU, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, including their respective
directors, trustees, officers, employees and agents, as additional insureds. A waiver of subrogation in
favor of BYU, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, including their respective directors,
trustees, officers, employees and agents, should be included under the policies listed above. Sponsor will

Page 2 of 5
