Collateral Trustee

U.S. Bank

Attn: Brad Hamilton

425 Walnut St, 8th Floor
Cincinnati, OH 45202

Sponsor

Central Bank & Trust Ca
Attn: Steve Kelly

300 W. Vine Street
Lexington, KY 40507

with copy to:

Frost Brown Todd LLC

ATTN: Claria Horn Boom
Lexington Financial Center

250 W. Main Street, Suite 2800
Lexington, KY 40507-1749

Any party may change its address for purposes of this paragraph by giving the other party written notice of the new address in the
manner set forth above.

21, Miscellaneous. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter,
supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter and may be modified or
amended only by a written instrument signed by each party; provided that, that this Agreement does not supersede, modify or
amend that certain Official Corporate Spansar Agreement dated July 1, 2014 (as amended) entered into between the parties. Each
party represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
by each party and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each party, enforceable against each such party in accordance with its
terms. No representations have been made or relied upon by either party other than those expressly provided for. This Agreement
may be executed via delivery of a facsimile transmission or other commonly used electronic means (e.g., via a PDF attachment} in
one (1) or more counterpart(s), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one (1)
and the same agreement. No agent, employee or other representative of either party is empowered to alter any of this
Agreement?s terms, unless in a written instrument signed by an authorized officer or agent of the appropriate party. A waiver by
either party of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement in any instance will not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of
such term or condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules. If any clause or
provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future law by the final
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected thereby. It is the intention of
the parties that if any such provision is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there will be added in lieu thereof a provision as
similar in terms to such provisions as is possible that will be legal, valid and enforceable. Nothing contained herein shall be construed
to imply the existence nor the creation of a partnership, joint venture, or employer and employee relationship between JMIS and
Sponsor, and except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither party shall have any right, power or authority to create any
obligation, express ar implied, on behalf of the other party. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Sponsor: Contract #: Contract Date:
Central Bank & Trust Co 99837 April 7, 2017
