or information about any Organization Members for the Purpose of promoting any Exclusive Product; and (C) sponsor, advertise,
issue, support, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Spansor} the
providing of, any Exclusive Product. For purposes of this Agreement, the term: (i) ?Exclusive Praduct? means any open-end credit or
charge card product or program directed at any person or entity other than current students of the University; {ii) ?Lists? means an
updated and current list of Organization Members, including name and contact information; and (iii) ?Organization Members?
means alumni, full-time faculty and staff, donors and any other supporters of the University other than current students of the
University.

9. RESERVED.

10. insurance, Sponsor shall carry at all times during the Term commercial generai liability insurance that includes, without
limitation, coverage for advertising/persanal injury and operations/completed operations, with a minimum combined single limit for
each occurrence of at least One Million Dallars ($1,000,000.00}, with a general aggregate of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00).
Sponsor?s commercial general liability insurance is to (i) be written on a primary and non-contributory basis and (ii) name the
University and JMIS as additional insureds. A waiver of subrogation in favor of the University and JMIS should be included under
such insurance policy. Sponsor shall furnish JMIS with certificates of insurance evidencing its compliance with the provisions of this
section prior to JMIS implementing sponsor's logo, publications, etc.

11. Representations & Warranties.

A. JMI, for itself and its successors and assigns, makes the following continuing representation and warranties as of
the effective date of this Agreement and throughout the Term:

(a) JMIS has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to fully perform this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, to license and provide the rights enumerated herein to the Sponsor.

(b) The rights conveyed to the Sponsor by this Agreement do not and will not violate or infringe the rights of publicity,
copyright, trademark, trade name, service marks, right of privacy, civil rights, property, or any other right of any
person or entity.

(c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by JMIS of its obligations hereunder do not
violate or cause a breach of any other agreements or obligations to which JMIS is a party or by which JMIS is
bound, JMIS's performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall not cause a breach of any agreements to
which the Sponsor is bound.

(d) Through a current and valid rights agreements between the University and JMIS (?JMIS Rights Agreement?) and
the University of Kentucky Alumni Association and JMIS, JMIS has the exclusive authority to enter into agreements
which grant third parties, such as Sponsor, the exclusivity and other rights and benefits set forth in this Agreement.

B, Sponsor, for itself and its successors and assigns, makes the following continuing representations and warranties
as of the effective date of this Agreement and throughout the Term:

{a} Sponsor has the full right, power and authority ta enter into this Agreement, to fully perform this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, to license and provide the rights enumerated herein to JMIS.

(b) The rights conveyed to JMIS by this Agreement do not and will not violate or infringe the rights of publicity,
copyright, trademark, trade name, service marks, right of privacy, civil rights, property or any other right of any
person or entity.

(c} The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by Sponsor of its obligations hereunder do not
violate or cause a breach of any other agreements or obligations ta which Sponsor is a party or by which Sponsor is
bound. Sponsor?s performance of its obligations under this Agreement shall not cause a breach of any agreements
to which Sponsor is bound.
