agree that no Protected Consumers are, or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Customers who may be
identified or solicited to apply for an Affinity Card under this Agreement. JMIS agrees it will not provide to Sponsor the names of any
such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and JMIS and Sponsor agree they will not, in any way, solicit or promote the
Affinity Card to any such Protected Consumers; however, such solicitation and promotion is not intended to include general
promotional, informational or advertising materials directed at or available to as a whole, nar shall it restrict either party from
marketing that is primarily directed to parents of any student of the University. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that it
will at ail times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and
Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the
regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist or as may hereafter be amended, including such
provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts and regulations by the Bureau af Consumer Financial Protection ("CFPB")
or by any state agency enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

c The parties agree that the term "Confidential Customer Information" as used herein shall mean all nonpublic
Personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLB"), (15 U.S.C. ??6801-6809 } all ?consumer
information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 ("FACT Act") (15 U.S.C. ?1681 et seq.) and
any and all privacy regulations, guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory
authorities. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, JMIS shall not be entitled to any Confidential Customer
Information nor shall Sponsor be obligated to provide JMIS any Confidential Customer Information. Should JMIS come into
Possession of any Confidential Customer Information, JMIS agrees that it will not use or disclose such Confidential Customer
Information that it receives or obtains from Sponsor other than is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

16. Termination & Effect of Termination.

A. If Sponsor fails to make timely payment of the any amounts due under this Agreement by the applicable payment
due dates (and fails to cure such non-payment within ten (10) days after receiving from JMIS written notice thereof), then JMIS
reserves the right, but is not obligated, to suspend delivery (or provision) to Sponsor of any further sponsorship recognitions or
benefits under this Agreement and/or to terminate this Agreement effective upon written notice from JMIS to Sponsor. For all other
material breaches, JMIS may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of a termination notice to Sponsor, without
prejudice to any other legal or equitable rights to which JMIS may be entitled, if Sponsor does not cure the material breach to the
satisfaction of JMIS within thirty (30) days following Sponsor?s receipt of written notice of such default to Sponsor ar, to the extent
not curable within such thirty (30) day time period, attempted to be cured within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter pursued
diligently until cured to the satisfaction of Sponsor within a reasonable time period. If IMIS terminates this Agreement before the
Term expires due to Sponsor's breach in accordance with this section, then Sponsor shall remain liable for payment of all applicable
amounts that are payable for the entire Contract Year (during which the termination occurred) less only the actual amount JMIS can
recoup for such Contract Year?s sponsorship elements not used by Sponsor through sponsorship agreements JMIS obtains for
University from other sponsors after the effective termination date and before such Contract Year?s conclusion.

B. Sponsor may terminate this Agreement, effective upon delivery of a termination notice to JMIS, without prejudice
to any other legal or equitable rights to which Sponsor may be entitled, if JMIS materially breaches of this Agreement, which default
is not cured to the satisfaction of Sponsor within thirty (30) days following written notice of such default to JMIS or, to the extent not
curable within such thirty (30) day time period, attempted to be cured within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter pursued
diligently until cured to the satisfaction of Sponsor within a reasonable time period.

Cc Regardless of the reason for termination, each Affinity Card issued as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement, may continue to be utilized through and including the next "valid thru" date (i.e., the expiration date) associated with
such Affinity Card, as applicable. Upon termination of this Agreement: (i) Sponsor shall not be obligated to cancel, terminate, recall
or reissue any Affinity Card existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement; and (ii) JMIS shall not attempt to cause
the removal of the Approved Marks from any Affinity Card existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

D. Upon expiration or earlier termination of JMI?s Rights Agreement with the University, at any time during the term
of this Agreement, JMIS shall assign this Agreement to the University or its third party rights holder, as directed by the University
and all future obligations of JMIS shall be the obligations of such assignee and all future payments shall be provided by Sponsor to
such assignee; provided, however, that, Sponsor shall be refunded any amounts previously paid to JMIS under this Agreement as af

=6+
