Cincinnati, OH 45264-5388. If Sponsor pays by wire or funds transfer, then Sponsor should request applicable account information
from JMIS? accounting department. With respect to the processing of Sponsor?s payments under this Agreement, JMIS will not
engage with any third-party payment processor (e.g., Ariba, PayModex, etc.). Any undisputed amount not duly paid within thirty
(30) days of the applicable invoice date or due date shall (if promptly invoiced to Sponsor) be subject to a finance charge af one and
one-half percent (1.5%) per month to be paid by Sponsor.

6. Maintenance of Records. Sponsor will keep accurate records of all information, data, books, records and supporting
documentation regarding the calculation of the Net Program Volume for Accounts during the term of this Agreement (collectively,
the ?Records?). Sponsor shall maintain all Records for at least one (1) year after the end of the Contract Year for which the
applicable Records relate,

7. Trademarks.

A No authorization is granted herein to Sponsor for use of University's names, loges, trademarks, service marks, trade
names or other identifying indicia ("Trademarks") other than the trademarks, service marks, logos and names set forth on Exhibit A or
unless Sponsor has requested such use in writing and JMIS has granted and approved such request in writing, as provided below {the
?Approved Marks?). Subject to the terms herein, JMIS grants Sponsor a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable limited license to use
the Approved Marks in the United States solely with respect to the marketing and promotion of the Affinity Cards and the placement of
the Approved Marks on the Affinity Cards.

8. Sponsor shall provide JMIS, for review, all proposed uses of Approved Marks and examples thereof. Approved Marks
shall be used only in the exact form, manner and context JMIS approves in writing, which approval shall not be unreasonably delayed or
withheld. Permitted uses of the Approved Marks may include, but are not limited to, use {i) on signage, (ii) in advertising or other
marketing communication materials, {iii} on web sites, video clips or other mediums, or (iv) for display on promotional premiums for
give away or resale; provided that, in each case the Approved Marks are used to Promote or market the Affinity Cards. Any promotional
premium products bearing the Approved Marks must be obtained froma provider approved by JMIS for use with sponsorship-premium,
which shall be responsible for assuring such products comply with all applicable University licensing requirements (including, but not limited
to, compliance with applicable licensing-royalty payments}. Without limiting the generality of Section 16, if JMIS determines that Sponsor
is using or displaying the Approved Marks in breach of this Agreement or in a manner that will or may dilute the Approved Marks or
tarnish or bring into disrepute the reputation of or goodwill associated with the Approved Marks of the Approved Marks, JMIS may issue
reasonable instructions to Sponsor concerning the manner, if any, in which Sponsor may continue to use the Approved Marks. Sponsor
will promptly comply with JMIS?s reasonable instructions or cease the use or display in question. The license granted by JMIS to Sponsor
hereunder does not include the right to grant sublicenses. All rights not expressly granted to Sponsor herein are reserved.

c. Sponsor acknowledges that the Approved Marks and all other Trademarks are and shall remain the exclusive
property of University, which is the sole owner of the Approved Marks and Trademarks and their associated goodwill, and Sponsor, by
reason of this Agreement or otherwise, has not acquired any right, title, interest or claim of ownership to them. Sponsor's use of the
Approved Marks, and any and all goodwill arising from such use, shall inure solely to University's benefit.

DB. Sponsor grants to JMIS a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to use Sponsor?s trademarks and logos as
Provided by Sponsor (?Sponsor Marks?) solely to the extent necessary to perform its obligations of this Agreement. All right, title and
interest in and to the Sponsor's Marks is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Sponsor, JMIS will not use the Sponsor Marks
without Sponsor's express prior written consent to each such use, not ta be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed. Without
limiting the generality of Section 16, if Sponsor determines that IMIS is using or displaying the Sponsor Marks in breach of this Agreement
or a manner that will or may dilute the Approved Marks or tarnish or bring into disrepute the reputation of or goodwill associated with
the Approved Marks of the Approved Marks, Sponsor may issue reasonable instructions to JMIS concerning the manner, if any, in which
JMIS may continue to use the Sponsor Marks. JMIS will promptly comply with Sponsor's reasonable instructions or cease the use or
display in question. The license granted by Sponsor to JMIS hereunder does not include the right to grant sublicenses. All rights not
expressly granted to JMIS herein are reserved.

8. Exclusivity. During the Term, and unless Sponsor expressly otherwise consents in writing, JMIS shall endorse the Affinity
Card exclusively and shall not, and shall cause each of its affiliates to not, directly or indirectly: (A) license or use, or allow any other
person or entity to license or use, any of the Trademarks in relation to or otherwise for promoting, offering or using with any
Exclusive Product; (B) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its Lists

-3-
