ARTICLE 5. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) Commerce agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to UNTAA
Accountholders which shall include the minimum Visa standards for product erhancements associated
with the Visa product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be ..vailable only for such
period of time as the related services are available to Commerce and its cardholders from third party
processors and providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to
cancellation or change by Commerce at any time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the
right to add, delete, modify or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such
Enhancements from time-to-time during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is
understood and agreed that from time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to
the Accountholders are provided by third parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements,
including the availability and cost thereof to Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such
Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, UNTAA Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the UNTAA
Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any
Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and UNTAA as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3. Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from ti.ne-to-time to offer to
Accountholders financial services and products and to refer to the existence of the UNTAA Visa Rewards
Card in connection therewith, which reference may include depictions of the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card
or the UNTAA Licensed Trademarks subject however to the provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop certain direct
mail solicitation materials and programs conceived and designed for the purpose of encouraging the
acquisition and usage of the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card by potential Accountholders, subject to the
approval by UNTAA of all materials and programs, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. A minimum of two (2) direct mail pre-screened solicitations will be completed after the Launch
Date (as hereafter defined), with the first direct mail solicitation occurring within the first year of the
Initial Term. Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional direct mail solicitations during the
Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

If additional direct mail solicitations are agreed to by both parties, subject to the provisions of Article 9,
below, UNTAA agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one or more electronic media
files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider designated and approved by
Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form as Commerce agrees,

5
