provision, Commerce shall promptly notify Association thereof in writing. Association shall, at all times,
have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit.
Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at
Commerce?s own expense. Association shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material
developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.3 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to Accountholders and potential
Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to
the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any
existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter
into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the
marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shal! be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Association at:
Stephen F. Austin State University Alumni Association
P.O. Box 6096 SFA Station
Nacogdoches, Texas 75962
Attention: Craig Turnage, Executive Director

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.

ARTICLE 13. Business Day
12
