occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New Account Fee?) of fifty
dollars ($50.00) for each Active Member Account.

a, Commerce and Association may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to Association for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole
discretion, if the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for
any three (3) consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval
rate is the number of all applications which are approved for a Member Account, using
Commerce?s normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications
received through the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due Association for newly activated Member Accounts
acquired by Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to Association for a Member Account
booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a Rewards Card as
described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud, violations of any
Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect to the credit card
account,

As an ?Initial Advance? against the combination of Royalty and New Account Fees anticipated to
be earned by Association during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement,
Commerce will pay Association an Initial Advance of fifty thousand dollars (US $50,000) within
thirty (30) days of the Launch Date. The ?Launch Date? is the date on which the first Association
Rewards Card becomes Active. In the event that Association fails to earn sufficient Royalty and
New Account Fees during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement to fully repay
the Initial Advance, Association will not be obligated to repay any unearned portion of such
Initial Advance payment except as hereinafter provided. If Association does fully repay the
Initial Advance, Commerce will make subsequent advances (each an ?Advance?) to Association
in the amount of fifty thousand dollars (US $50,000) each, available each time Association has
earned sufficient Royalty and New Account Fees to repay the prior Advance. Each Advance will
be paid to Association within thirty (30) days of the repayment of the Initial Advance or
repayment of a subsequent Advance, if any. However, no Advance will be available or paid to
Association on any date after February 28, 2022. After February 28, 2022, once the Initial
Advance or any subsequent Advance, if any, has been fully repaid, all Royalty and New Account
Fees earned by Association that exceed the Initial Advance or any subsequent Advance, if any,
will be paid to Association monthly within forty-five (45) days of each month end. If this
Agreement is terminated by Commerce pursuant to the provisions of Article 4.5, the amount of
any Initial Advance or any subsequent Advance, if any, that has not been repaid by Royalty and
New Account Fees earned by Association as of the effective date of Agreement termination, will
be due and payable to Commerce or if this Agreement is terminated by Association for any
reason, the amount of any Advance, excluding the Initial Advance, that has not been repaid by
Royalty and New Account Fees earned by Association as of the effective date of Agreement
termination, will be due and payable to Commerce.

17
