2.11 Non-Solicitation. During the Term and except as otherwise provided, FNBO shall not use the Member List to solicit for: (a) retail
or commercial banking deposit account products; and (b) retail investment products and services. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing shall prohibit FNBO or its Affiliates from: {c) soliciting any product or service to Members that are customers of FNBO or its
Affiliates (other than by virtue of an Account issued pursuant to this Agreement); (d) soliciting any product or service to Members if
such Members? contact information was obtained through any independent source or if a Member approaches FNBO; and (e) soliciting
FNBO credit and charge card related products and services associated with an Account.

2.12 Publicity and Non-Disparagement: (a) Except as required under Applicable Law, all press releases, public announcements and
public disclosures by either party relating to this Program or Agreement shall be coordinated with and approved by the other party,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to release. (b) RUF shall not make any official statement, whether written,
verbal or otherwise, that in any way defames, disparages or in any other way criticizes FNBO and/or any of its Affiliates or its/their
reputation, practices or conduct. Statements made by employees of RUF about the Program when acting as a Member of such
Program, and not in express or implied representation of RUF, are not limited or disallowed herein. In addition to the foregoing, RUF
agrees that during the Term, it will conduct itself in a manner that will not adversely affect FNBO's reputation. A breach of the foregoing
requirements or Section 2.11(a) and/or Section 2.11(b) shall be deemed a material breach for the purposes of this Agreement

SECTION 3: ACCOUNTS

3.1 Establishment of Accounts. FNBO agrees to originate Accounts for Persons as determined by FNBO from time to time in FNBO's
sole discretion. RUF has no power or authority to bind FNBO to establish Accounts, FNBO has sole responsibility and control over the
terms and conditions on which FNBO establishes Accounts and extends credit, including, without limitation, terms and conditions
pertaining to solicitation and application procedures, Card issuance, statement rendering, credit criteria and evaluation, annual fees,
promotional rates, rewards, and all servicing, default, fraud, collection and termination policies and procedures. Accounts are FNBO's
sole and exclusive property (subject to the participation or other interests FNBO may grant to others) and RUF is not a co-lender or
joint owner of the Accounts and has no right or interest in the Accounts.

3.2 Account Terms & Conditions. The terms and conditions for Accounts and Cards will be established by FNBO and are subject to
change from time to time in FNBO's sole discretion. The terms of cardmember agreements, disclosures, rewards, and other terms,
conditions and agreements between FNBO and Cardholders govern Accounts and FNBO may revise such cardmember agreements,
disclosures, rewards, and other terms, conditions and agreements from time to time.

3.3 Websites. In order to solicit Accounts through RUAA's Website, FNBO and RUF will mutually agree upon the quantity, location,
operation and other specifications of hyperlinks between the FNBO Website and RUAA Website. RUF agrees to prominently display
an icon of the RUAA branded Card on the RUAA Website home page at all times throughout the Term. This icon will take Persons to a
secure landing page where they can review the benefits of the Program and apply for an Account. In the event a party reasonably
believes that any hyperlink with the website of the other party may create a security risk, such party may disable the hyperlinks to
mitigate such risk. Upon a party taking such action it shall promptly notify the other party of the action taken and the reason for
concern, and the parties shall work in good faith to promptly address any security risk and restore such links. Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, FNBO has no responsibility with respect to (a) interruptions or inoperability of the FNBO Website; (b)
interaction or interconnection of the FNBO Website or systems with the RUAA Website or systems; (c) interaction or interconnection of
the RUAA Website or systems; or (d) unauthorized access to, or theft, alteration, loss or destruction of RUAA Website or systems.

3.4 Cardholder Communications. RUF has no right or authority to receive on FNBO's behalf notices or other communications from
Cardholders including, without limitation, billing error notices and complaints. If RUF receives any such notice or communication
intended for FNBO, RUF will promptly forward such notices and communications to FNBO. FNBO may communicate with Cardholders
to the same extent and through the same channels that FNBO communicates with FNBO's other cardholders.

3.5 Endorsement of Checks. RUF acknowledges that Cardholders may from time to time make payment to FNBO by checks made
payable to RUF. RUF acknowledges that FNBO may, but need not, permit such mode of payment as a Cardholder convenience only
and that the presence of RUF's name on such checks does not confer any right or interest therein to RUF and FNBOQ is the sole owner
of such checks. During and after the Term, RUF authorizes FNBO's endorsement of RUF's name on all such checks.

3.6 Cardholder Information. FNBO will not provide RUF with any Cardholder Information that contains Nonpublic Personal Information.
3.7 Rewards Program. FNBO may make available a rewards program for Cardholders. FNBO will administer and fund such rewards

program unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. Cardholders are eligible to earn points in such rewards program based on
6 mwk 6-21-16
