by applicable law. The frequency of such solicitations shall be reasonably
measured and subject to a reduction if NAAUA determines, in its sole discretion,
the delivery timing, method, and/or content will potentially create issues between
NAAUA and any Member being solicited.

- NAAUA shall have the right to approve all proposed ACU advertising and
solicitation materials containing the Trademarks, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld.

. NAAUA agrees that in the event ACU incurs a cost because of a change in the
Trademarks that was requested by NAAUA, ACU may deduct such costs from
Royalties due NAAUA, and in the event that such costs exceed Royalties then due
NAAUA, NAAUA shall promptly reimburse ACU for all such costs.

Upon the request of ACU, NAAUA shall provide ACU with Mailing Lists at no
additional charge. NAAUA shall provide such Mailing Lists within ten (10)
business days after ACU sends notice of such request. The alumni Mailing List
shall contain complete and accurate information, when available, on all Members
who are at least eighteen years of age, with corresponding valid postal addresses,
telephone number and email addresses. NAAUA warrants that it believes, using
the most current information available, the alumni Mailing Lists will contain
approximately 175,000 Mailing List records.

. NAAUA may respond to individual inquiries about the Affinity Credit Card
Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses
are accurate and consistent with the materials provided by ACU to NAAUA.

. NAAUA has taken such steps as are necessary to obtain rights to the Trademarks.
NAAUA will take such steps as are necessary and to the extent possible to
provide ACU with a consent letter from the University in the form similar to that
set out on Exhibit A. NAAUA represents and warrants that it has the right to enter
into this Agreement. NAAUA hereby grants ACU a limited license to use the
NAAUA Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Affinity Credit Card
Program, including the promotion thereof. NAAUA hereby grants ACU a limited
sublicense to use the Trademarks upon the terms and conditions specified herein.
ACU acknowledges and agrees that NAAUA's rights in the Trademarks are non-
exclusive and are granted subject to any limitations specified in this Agreement.
This license and sublicense shall be transferred upon a permitted assignment of
this Agreement. This license and sublicense shall remain in effect for the duration
of this Agreement and shall apply to the Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer
of such Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor,
corporation, organization or individual. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits NAAUA from granting to other persons a license or sublicense to use
the Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product,
except for any Affinity Credit Card Program.

Subject to availability and reasonableness of the request, NAAUA agrees to
attempt to provide ACU with information, material and assistance so as to assist
ACU with its marketing of the Program. NAAUA agrees, except as otherwise

Page 3 of 16

<a

Os
