2.6 Commerce and Association each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in ali material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce
or its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

2.8 Association acknowledges and aprees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and
implementing regulations. Association further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers
are, or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or
solicited to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. Association agrees it will not provide
to Commerce the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and Association agrees
it will not, in any way, solicit or promote the Association Visa Rewards Card to any such Protected
Consumers. As such, Association acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the
provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and
Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15
U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist
or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such
acts and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?) or by any state agency
enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.9 Association acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Association
or its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Association or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement Association shall earn and be paid
Compensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in
Attachment ?B?.
