complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

2.8 UMAA acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws and
regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and
implementing regulations. UMAA further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are, or
are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or solicited
to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. UMAA agrees it will not provide to
Commerce the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and UMAA agrees it will
not, in any way, solicit or promote the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card to any such Protected
Consumers. As such, UMAA acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the
provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and
Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15
U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist
or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts
and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?) or by any state agency
enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.9 UMAA acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and accuracy
of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to UMAA or its associates,
or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by UMAA or with its
prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or
editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement UMAA shall earn and be paid
Compensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in
Attachment ?B?.

3.2 Commerce shall provide UMAA with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient detail
such information regarding the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating
the amount of Compensation earned by UMAA according to the rates, terms and provisions of
Attachment ?B?. UMAA understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated based
upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through
normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the
particular transaction giving rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

3.3. Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of
Compensation due UMAA. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall

3
