special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. University shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by University and, if requested by Commerce, University shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. University Licensed Trademarks

7.1 University ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs, images,
visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of the University or the college or university
with which it is affiliated provided to Commerce by University for licensing in the United States of
America in relation to credit card programs,

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by University. University will provide such
art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which University
provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to
University upon the request of University, except for art reasonably required for authorized current
production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such art is
proprietary to University, may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this Agreement,
and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party,
unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this
Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the University Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the University Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of University's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect University?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to University?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of University as University may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by University are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to University by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the University Visa Rewards Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of University hereunder. All art which Commerce provides
to University in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce upon

7
