provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

7.1 Association?s ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Association provided to
Commerce by Association for licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and
financial services programs. Such Licensed Trademarks for Association are those identified on
Attachment D, and as may be modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and are
incorporated by reference herein and shall constitute part of this Agreement.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Association for use with solicitations of
its Members. Association will provide such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of
Commerce hereunder. All art which Association provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for
whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Association upon the request of Association, except for
art reasonably required for authorized current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials.
Commerce acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Association, may only be used for Commerce's
authorized activities under this Agreement, and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or
made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the
fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Association Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Association?s Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of the Association?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any
person's credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect the Association?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to the
Association?s exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use
Commerce may make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Association as Association may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by Association are reserved.

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 The parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Initial Term or a
Renewal Term of this Agreement; and each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary
Property developed by a party during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement shall, at all

8
