Agreement.
ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Association Visa Rewards Card to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements which will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available,
to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor
enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement
for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Association at:
The University of South Alabama Nationa! Alumni Association
Office of Alumni Relations
5930 USA Drive S.
Mobile, Alabama 36688-0002
Attention: Karen Edwards

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.
ARTICLE 13. Business Day

The term ?Business Day? means a day on which commercial banks are open in the State of
Missouri.

ARTICLE 14. Force Majeure

Any party?s delay in, or failure of, performance under this Agreement shall be excused where
such delay or failure is caused by an act of nature, fire, or other catastrophe, enemy, hostile governmental
or terrorist action, electrical, computer software or mechanical failure, work stoppage, delays or failure to
act of any carrier or agent, direction or effect of an order from a court or government agency or body, or

12
