claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, UNTAA shall promptly notify
Commerce thereof in writing. Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense,
negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. UNTAA shall be entitled to participate
in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at UNTAA's own expense. Commerce
shall cause UNTAA to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such
claim or suit.

10.3 UNTAA shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the Services, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency or
Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 Neither party shall in any circumstances be liable to the other under this Section 10, for any
consequential or indirect loss or damage howsoever arising and of whatsoever nature, including, without
limitation, loss of profit.

10.5. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and be enforceable by either party.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, UNTAA agrees that Commerce
will be the exclusive provider of the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card and the Services to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that UNTAA will not enter into any agreements ?hich will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to o.fer, or make available,
to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor
enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement
for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To UNTAA at:
Gina Lowe, Director of Marketing and Membership
University of North Texas Alumni Association, Inc.
1155 Union Circle #311220
Denton, Texas 76203-5017

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199

11
