compliance with the terms of this Agreement. NDSU AA must retain all records pertaining to this
Agreement for a period of three (3) years from the completion date of this Agreement. If any litigation,
claim or audit is started before the expiration of the three-year period, the records must be retained until
the litigation, claim or audit findings have been resolved.

6. Non-discrimination, NDSU AA agrees that under State and federal law, no part of this Agreement
shall be performed in a manner which illegally discriminates against any person on the basis of race,
color, religion, creed, Vietnam Era Veterans status, sex or sexual orientation, age, status with regards to
marriage or public assistance, disability, or national origin.

7. Modification. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement between the parties on this matter, and
no statements, promises or inducements made by either party, or agents or eitber party, that are not
contained in this Agreement are valid or binding. This Agreement may not be enlarged, modified, or
altered except by written amendment by the parties.

8. Severability. If one part of this Agreement is held to be illegal, void or in conflict with any North
Dakota law, the validity of the remainder of this Agreement remains operative and binding.

9, i Transfer and Subcontracting. There will be no assignment or transfer of this
Agreement, or of any interest in this Agreement except as otherwise allowed herein, unless both parties
agree in writing,

10. Notice. All notices relating to this Agreement will be in writing and given to the contact person at
the address provided below:

NDSU Athletics: NDSU AA:

Troy Goergen Sherri Schmidt

Bison Sports Arena NDSU Alumni Association
Fargo, ND 58102 PO Box 5144

Fargo, ND $8105
11, Venue, This Agreement will be controlied and interpreted according to the laws of the State of North
Dakota. Venue for any actions arising from this Agreement shall sofely and exclusively be in Fargo, Cass
County, State of North Dakota.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed on behalf of North Dakota State
University and the North Dakota State University Alumni Association as of the date first set forth above.

North Dakota State University North Dakota State University
Alumni Association

By: S=>_ ___Date:T befor BTS paw Ths tos

Its: Dive de 4 Purchonin, Its: Precedent [CFO

21
