other electronic communication address, telephone listing, gender, date of birth,
all reasonably sorted by categories agreeable to ACU.

h. "Member" means the individuals who are provided on the Mailing Lists,
including but not limited members of NAAUA, alumni of the University, parents
and/or guardians of current undergraduate or graduate students who have donated
to NAAUA, and any other individual mutually agreed to by NAAUA and ACU.

i, ?Program? means those programs or services of the Financial Service Products

ACU agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to

time.

"Royalties" means the compensation set forth in Section 4.

?Term Year? means each consecutive twelve month period during the term of

this Agreement beginning on June 1* of that year through May 31% of the

following year, except the first year of the agreement which shall be a ten month

period beginning on August 1, 2015 through May 31, 2016.

1. "Trademarks" means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark owned or acquired by NAAUA
during the term of this Agreement (the "Alumni Association Trademarks"),
together with those marks used or owned by the University (the "University
Trademarks").

m. ?Transaction Volume? means point of sale purchase transaction dollars less (i)
returns and (ii) charge-offs from fraud and bad debt for each Credit Account.

wo

2. Rights and Responsibilities of NAAUA.
a. NAAUA agrees that during the term of this Agreement: (i) it will endorse the

Affinity Credit Card Program offered by ACU exclusively and will not sponsor,
advertise, aid, develop, or solicit any Affinity Credit Card Program; (ii) it will not
license and/or sublicense or allow others to license and/or sublicense the
Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Affinity Credit Card Program; and
(iii) it will not sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its information about any current or potential
members for the purpose of promoting the Affinity Credit Card Program.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, NAAUA may
accept advertising from any financial institution provided that i) the advertisement
does not contain an express or implied endorsement by NAAUA of said financial
institution or the advertised Financial Service Products, it being expressly
understood that the mere placement of such advertisements shall not be construed
as an endorsement by NAAUA, and ii) such advertisement further does not
contain any advertisement for or reference to such financial institution?s Affinity
Credit Card Program.

b. NAAUA agrees to reasonably cooperate with ACU in connection with the
promotion of the Affinity Credit Card Program.

c. NAAUA authorizes ACU to solicit the Members by mail and electronic mail, on-
campus direct marketing by ACU to the extent permitted by and at university
locations previously approved by the University, advertisements and/or telephone
for participation in the Affinity Credit Card Program, all to the extent permitted

Page 2 of 16

<>
