7. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of ACU.

a. ACU represents, warrants and covenants to NAAUA that as of the Effective Date
and throughout the Term of this Agreement:

i, ACU is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing in the State
of Alabama.

ii. ACU has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

iii. Except as provided herein, no consent, approval or authorization from any
thitd party is required in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are
in full force and effect.

iv. NAAUA shall promptly notify ACU in the manner provided herein upon
learning of any claims or complaints relating to such license, sublicense,
or the use of any Trademarks.

b. ACU further represents that to the best of its knowledge, the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement will not constitute a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, court order or ruling applicable to ACU.

ce, ACU will hold NAAUA, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates,
successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action
and claims, and will reimburse NAAUA reasonable and actual costs in connection
therewith, arising from the ACU Trademark license granted herein or from
NAAUA?s use of the ACU Trademarks in reliance thereon. ACU shall promptly
notify NAAUA in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or
complaints relating to such license, sublicense, or the use of any ACU
Trademarks.

8. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of NAAUA. NAAUA represents,

warrants and covenants to ACU that as of the Effective Date and throughout the Term of
this Agreement:

a. NAAUA is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing in the State of
Alabama.

b. NAAUA has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

c. NAAUA has the right and power to exclusively license the NAAUA Trademarks
to ACU for use as contemplated by this Agreement.

d. NAAUA has the right and power to sublicense license the University Trademarks
to ACU, upon the terms and conditions provided for herein, for use as
contemplated by this Agreement.

e. NAAUA will hold ACU, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates,
successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action
and claims, and will reimburse ACU reasonable and actual costs in connection

Page 10 of 16

? B?
