1.4 Association understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any credit relationship
between the Accountholders and Commerce will be governed by a Cardholder Agreement.

1.5 Association understands and agrees that Commerce may from time-to-time during the Initial
Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill or
complete its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that any such third-
party service providers must agree to protect the Confidential Information and Confidential Customer
Information entrusted to it, either by separate confidentiality agreement or as a part of a service contract.

ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 Association expressly acknowledge ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, Inc. and agrees that
they will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 Association represents that it has the authority to utilize the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter
described in Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such
Licensed Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, Association
represents that Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by Association of
its exclusive authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by Association
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. Association agrees to provide, if requested,
written evidence, satisfactory to Commerce. of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks as
Association intends to use in conjunction with the Rewards Card and of any trademark rights notices
required when such trademarks are used.

2.3. Association represent that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by the Association will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 Association represent that disclosure by Association to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to Association Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by Association of such information. Association
further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such
member information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. for the uses and
purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 Association agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted
the non-exclusive use of approved, specified Association Licensed Trademarks in order to provide the
Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as provided in Section 5.4.
Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Association for the specific use of each respective Association
Licensed Trademarks on the Rewards Card and any Enhancements. Association shall have the right to
inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples of how
the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under that Association
Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved by Association pursuant to this
paragraph, and in accordance with Association industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate
with Association in facilitating Associations control of the nature and quality of goods and services
provided under the Association Licensed Trademarks,
