ATTACHMENT ?B?
COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay UMAA Compensation as follows:

1.

Royalty fees:

A royalty fee (?Royalty?) equivalent to twelve point five percent (12.5%) of the then-current Visa
net interchange rate for all Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open,
non-Statused UMAA Accounts (equivalent to twenty-five cents ($.25) per one hundred dollars
($100.00) at the Visa net interchange rate as of December 31, 2013). The Royalty fee will be
adjusted semi-annually on each January 1 and July 1 for any change in the Visa net interchange
rate. The Visa net interchange rate is an internal rate calculated by Commerce for each rewards
card program based upon Visa interchange income for each rewards card program as related to all
accountholder total purchase volume for each rewards card program, with such rate generally re-
calculated each January 1 and July 1.

Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in dispute are deducted from Accountholder total
purchase volume to reach ?Net_Merchandise Purchases.? ?Merchandise Purchases? refers to
transactions for goods or services, and excludes cash advances and quasi-cash transactions, such
as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks, convenience checks, wire transfers, money orders,
balance transfers and gaming chips or fees or premiums for coverage or insurance to protect the
balances of an Accountholder?s account. As used in this Agreement, a ?Statused? account is one
that is lost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed, bankrupt, charged-off, over-limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay UMAA for each new UMAA Account opened and Active (an ?Active?
account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, a UMAA Account on which a Member
initiated debit transaction, i.e., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or convenience check
occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New Account Fee?) of
thirty-five dollars ($35.00) for each Active UMAA Account.

a. Commerce and UMAA may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-time
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other marketing
messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to UMAA for accounts produced through
such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole discretion, if the
average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for any three (3)
consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval rate is the
number of all applications which are approved for a UMAA Account, using Commerce?s
normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications received through
the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due UMAA for newly activated UMAA Accounts acquired by
Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to UMAA for an UMAA Account
booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a UMAA Visa

17
