3.4

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as constituting a partnership, joint
venture, or agent/principal relationship between the parties hereto,

ARTICLE VI. Confidentiality

6.1

6.2

ARTICLE VIL.
71

Bank agrees that in the event of the termination of this Agreement, all data,
documents and information pertaining to AACS members will be retumed
forthwith to AACS provided, however, that Bank, its affiliates and their agents
may retain copies of any materials required to properly control or handle any
established customer relationships. Bank agrees that neither it. its affiliates, nor
its agents, acquire any rights under this Agreement to inspect, copy or gain
possession of any list of members of AACS or any part hereof or to use such lists
other than to deliver the Services contemplated by this Agreement and as
provided in Section 3.6,

Bank agrees that any and all information provided or caused to be provided by
AACS shall be the sole property of AACS, and shall not be used, transferred,
reproduced, or otherwise dealt with by Bank, its affiliates, or its agents except as
provided under this Agreement or under terms and conditions approved by
AACS.

Exclusivity

During the term of this Agreement, as set out in Article 1V, AACS shall not enter
into any Agreement with any other company to offer to AACS members any
Services or any other arrangement whereby AACS will be remunerated in any
manner for cooperating with any other entity, or agent thereof, which will solicit
members of AACS for credit cards.

ARTICLE VIII. Notices

(a)

{b)

ARTICLE 1X.

All notices, requests. consents, approvals, waivers or other communications
which may be required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be
delivered or sent registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, and if
mailed, shall be deemed given when postmarked and addressed as follows:
To AACS at:

American Association of Christian Schools

4500 Selsa Road

Blue Springs, MO 64015

To Bank at:

Commerce Bankcard Center
811 Main Street

Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention; Center Manager

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice
pursuant to this Article.

Governing Law
