Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and Association as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3. Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any such offers, no reference to the
Rewards Card will be made without the prior written approval of the Association and subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement. develop solicitation
materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and usage of the Rewards Card by
potential Accountholders of Association, The materials will be designed and developed for a variety of
presentation and marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc.
The exact choice of materials, presentation and marketing methods will be made by Commerce, subject to
the approval by Association for use with its solicitations, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.

For Association, Commerce will, at its cost, conduct up to four (4) pre-screened direct mail and
two (2) pre-screen e-mail solicitations per year during the first two (2) years of the Initial Term, with the
first pre-screened solicitations to be completed within twelve (12) months after the Launch Date (as
hereafter defined). Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional pre-screened solicitations
during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

If additional pre-screened solicitations are agreed to by Commerce and Association, subject to the
provisions of Article 9. below, Association agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one
or more electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider
designated and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form
as Commerce agrees, identifying Association?s Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media
file list will be provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.? Commerce will request a refreshed
mailing list prior to each mailing to ensure restrictions and updates, received by the Association, are made
before mailing.

6.2 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Rewards Card through
commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense and throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term, but not limited to: (1) up to four e-mail and/or e-blast messages (five e-mail and/or e-blast
messages after 2022), to include the Association?s electronic newsletter on an annual basis to Association
Members to solicit potential Accountholders and make them aware of the Association Rewards Card and
its benefits; (2) the placement of internet advertisements on the official Association public internet website,
through the permanent placement of a web banner, as well as a password protected ?members only? page
to the extent that the Association maintains such a page. The web banners will include a link to a ?Learn
More? page hosted by Association that will outline the benefits of the Association Rewards Card and direct
applicants to an Association Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with its
service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging Accountholders to
utilize the Association Rewards Card once issued; (4) distribution of Association Rewards Card solicitation

6
