performed by personnel adequately trained on laws (including consumer
protection laws) applicable to such rights and obligations.?

11.14 Training. RUF agrees to perform its duties under this Agreement
and the Program pursuant to the requirements, instructions, training and
documentation regarding Applicable Law and as may be directed by FNBO as to
Program, Cards and Accounts. To the extent applicable, RUF shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that each RUF Sales Employee and
Subcontractor (including its employees) periodically: (a) receives training on all
Applicable Law applicable to RUF?s duties and responsibilities under the
Program; (b) completes FNBO?s required training with respect to the services
RUF provides under the Program; and (c) is made aware of the applicable RUF
responsibilities with respect to the services such RUF Sales Employees and
Subcontractors (including their employees) provides on RUF?s behalf. Upon
request by FNBO from time to time, RUF will provide FNBO with the training
materials, if any, used by its RUF Sales Employees and Subcontractors and any
corrective action made to such training materials as a result of the monitoring
required in this Agreement. If applicable, RUF shall incorporate into its training
any requirements of FNBO related to the Cards, Accounts, Marketing Materials
and Program.

3. Miscellaneous. This Amendment together with the Existing Agreement
constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties relating to
the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings, and
agreements, oral or written, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as
expressly modified by this Amendment, all other terms and conditions set forth in the Existing
Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
confirmed. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Existing Agreement and this
Amendment, this Amendment shall control. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts
and transmitted by electronic copy, each of which shall constitute an original and which taken
together shall constitute the Amendment

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the
Effective Date.

RUTGERS UNIVERSIZY FOUNDATION FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA
mince
By: By: Cf s
ee
Name: _ Chris y raster A Sosa | FA
Title: _Chief F Title:
AND

By:

Name:

Title: | NI

2
18-3938 Amendment 1 to Rutgers University Foundation JMA 8/2018
