ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 Association expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, U.S.A. and
agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 Association represents that it is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter described
in Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed
Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, Association represents
that Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by Association of its
exclusive authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by Association
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. Association agrees to provide, if
requested, written evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such
trademarks as Association intends to use in conjunction with the Association Visa Rewards Card and of
any trademark rights notices required when such trademarks are used. In the event Association is not the
owner of all or some of the Licensed Trademarks, Association agrees to provide, for each such Licensed
Trademark owned by another person, an authenticated document from the owner of those trademarks to
establish that Association has authority to use those Licensed Trademarks and, further, has continuing
authority to authorize the use of the Licensed Trademarks with respect to the affinity cards and marketing
materials associated with the promotion of affinity cards pursuant to this Agreement.

2.3 Association represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by Association will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 Association represents that disclosure by Association to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to Association Members will not violate any law,
regulation, restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by Association of such information.
Association further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to
Commerce such member information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses,
etc. for the uses and purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 Association agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and
permitted the non-exclusive use of approved, specified Association Licensed Trademarks in order to
provide the Association Visa Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes
except as provided in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Association for the specific use
of the Association Licensed Trademarks on the Association Visa Rewards Card and any Enhancements.
Association shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and
the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services
provided under the Association Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously
approved by Association pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with Association?s industry
quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate with Association in facilitating Association?s control of
the nature and quality of goods and services provided under the Association Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and Association each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:
