that its performance of the transactions contemplated hereby do not contravene, violate or conflict with, or constitute a default under,
any provision of Applicable Law.

SECTION 9; INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

9.1 ENBO. FNBO shall indemnify, defend, and hold RUF and its Affiliates harmless from and against any and all Claims by third parties
to the extent arising or resulting from: (a) breach by FNBO of any agreement, representation or warranty of FNBO contained in this
Agreement; (b) FNBO's gross negligence or intentional misconduct related to its duties or obligations under this Agreement; (c)
material violation by FNBO of any Applicable Law; (d) infringement of copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights
relating to FNBO Marks; (e) breach by FNBO of its obligations with respect to Confidential Information; (f) the actions or failure to act of
FNBO Subcontractors related to duties under the Program provided on behalf and at the direction of FNBO; and (g) duties, obligations
and liabilities between FNBO and its Subcontractors related to duties such Subcontractors are performing under the Program on behalf
and at the direction of FNBO,

9.2 RUF. RUF shall indemnify, defend, and hold FNBO and its Affiliates harmless from and against any and all Claims by third parties
to the extent arising or resulting from: (a} breach by RUF of any agreement, representation or warranty of RUF contained in this
Agreement; (b) RUF?s gross negligence or intentional misconduct related to its duties or obligations under this Agreement; (c) material
violation by RUF of any Applicable Law; (d) infringement of copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights relating to RUF
Marks; (e) breach by RUF of its obligations with respect to Confidential Information; (f) RUF authorizing FNBO to use the Member Lists
as authorized and for the purposes specified herein; (g) the actions or failure to act of RUF Subcontractors; and (h) duties, obligations
and liabilities between RUF and its Subcontractors.

9.3 Notice. If a party receives notice of any third party Claim for which indemnification or defense may be required under this
Agreement, such party shall promptly give written notice to the other party; provided, however, that the failure to provide or a delay in
providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligation to indemnify except to the extent the Indemnifying Party is
materially prejudiced by such failure or delay. Upon request, the Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with and assist the
Indemnifying Party and its counsel in the defense of any Claim and any reasonable direct costs and expenses associated with such
cooperation or assistance shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party.

9.4 Procedure. The Indemnifying Party shall pay for and also have the right to assume and control the defense of any third party Claim
and shall reasonably defend such Claim with diligence. In the event of an assumption of the defense by the Indemnifying Party, the
Indemnified Party shall continue to have the right to employ its own counsel, at its expense. The Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled
to settle or compromise any Claim that does not include a full and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party or that imposes
obligations on the Indemnified Party except after (a) having fully disclosed to the Indemnified Party the proposed terms and conditions
of such setilement or compromise; and (b) having obtained the Indemnified Party's prior written consent thereto, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld.

9.5 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH DAMAGES ARISE FROM A PARTY'S BREACH OF SECTION 7,
SECTION 2.10 OR ARE A PART OF A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9, NEITHER PARTY WILL
BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE
LIABLE FOR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

SECTION 10: COMPLIANCE

10.1 Applicable Law and Network Rules. FNBO and RUF agree to perform their respective duties and obligations under this Agreement
and the Program in accordance with Applicable Law and Network Rules, FNBO and RUF agree not to engage in any unfair, deceptive
or abusive acts and practices in the course of Its provision of products or performance of services and duties under the Program and
this Agreement. In addition to, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall offer any tangible item to any
college student in order to induce such student fo apply for a credit card: (a) on the campus of an institution of higher education; (b)
near the campus of an institution of higher education; or (c) at an event sponsored by or related to an institution of higher education. If
in FNBO's assessment, RUF qualifies as an institution of higher education or an affiliated organization, FNBO will submit to the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System an annual report containing information as required in 15 U.S.C. ? 1637. If RUF qualifies
as an institution of higher education, RUF may have reporting and public disclosure requirements which shall remain the sole
responsibility of the RUF. The terms ?college student?, ?institution of higher education? and ?affiliated organization" in this Section 10.4
shall have the same meaning, respectively, as those terms are defined and used in the Truth In Lending Act, 15 U.S.C. ? 1650 et seq.,
as amended by the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, 15 U.S.C. ? 1601 et seq.

10 mwk 6-21-16
