provider designated and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such
other form as Commerce agrees, identifying that Associations? Members for solicitation purposes.

1.5 Mailings. (a) Commerce will mail out, for each Association, at Commerce?s expense, a
minimum of one (1) pre-screened direct mail solicitation per year during the Initial Term, with the first
pre-screened direct mail solicitation to be completed within six (6) months after the Application
Completion Date (as hereafter defined). Each year Commerce will send out a minimum of 50,000 direct
mail solicitations. Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional pre-screened solicitations
during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms. For direct mail solicitations, no individual on a Mailing
List will be included on more than two (2) pre-approved direct mail campaigns (which campaigns may
consist of up to two (2) solicitations) during a twelve (12) month period. Contacts by direct mail
solicitations will not limit contacts by email, social media, twitter or similar social communication media.

(b) The term ?Application Completion Date? is the day on which a credit card application for a
Members? Mastercard is posted on the Commerce website in a form and manner by which a person can
access, complete and submit to Commerce an application for credit approval and issuance of a Mastercard
credit card account.

1.6 Approval of Mailings. All direct mailings shall be pre-approved by Associations.
ARTICLE 2. License to Use Association Trademarks

2.1 License. Associations grant to Commerce a non-exclusive license to use the Licensed
Trademarks solely in connection with marketing credit cards as set forth in Article 4.5 of this Agreement.
Alumni Association?s and Athletic Association?s ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any)
consisting of designs, images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of the Alumni
Association and Athletic Association provided to Commerce by the Alumni Association and Athletic
Association for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the credit card. Such Licensed
Trademarks identified on Attachment D, as may be modified in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, are incorporated by reference herein and shall constitute part of this Agreement.

2.2 Additional Art. Commerce may request art for the program advertising or solicitation
materials, which may contain one or more Licensed Trademarks for use with advertising, promotion and
solicitations of its Members. Commerce may also request artwork for statements, applications and other
collateral materials specifically associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the rewards
Card for its Members. The Alumni Association and Athletic Association will provide such art at no cost
to Commerce to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder, provided, however, the
Associations deem their cost to provide such art to be reasonable from a cost/benefit standpoint. If the
Associations provide any such art, the actual use of the art by Commerce in its program advertising or
solicitation materials must be pre-approved in writing by Associations. All art which Alumni Association
and Athletic Association provide to Commerce pursuant to this Section 2.2, in whatever media and for
whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to the Association supplying the material upon the request
of that Association. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at such time as an Associations requests the return
of art reasonably required for advertising or solicitation materials, Commerce will have ninety (90) days
within which to return such art or, if such art is then being used in a current advertising campaign, a
reasonable amount of time to discontinue use of such art from the then current advertising campaigns,
retrieve such art that may be in the hands of its third party service providers and return such art to the
Association requesting its return, Commerce acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to either the
Alumni Association or the Athletic Association, as the case may be, and such art may only be used for
Commerce's authorized promotional activities under this Agreement. Commerce further agrees that such
