2.1 UMAA expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa U.S.A. Inc. and
agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 UMAA represents that it is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter described in
Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed
Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, UMAA represents that
Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by UMAA of its exclusive
authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by UMAA during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. UMAA agrees to provide, if requested, written
evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks as UMAA
intends to use in conjunction with the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card and of any trademark rights
notices required when such trademarks are used.

2.3. UMAA represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by UMAA will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 UMAA represents that disclosure by UMAA to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to UMAA Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by UMAA of such information. UMAA further
acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such member
information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. for the uses and
purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 UMAA agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted
the non-exclusive use of approved, specified UMAA Licensed Trademarks in order to provide the UMAA
Visa Signature Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as
provided in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from UMAA for the specific use of the UMAA
Licensed Trademarks on the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card and any Enhancements. UMAA shall
have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and the right to inspect
samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under the
UMAA Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved by UMAA pursuant to
this paragraph, and in accordance with UMAA?s industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to
cooperate with UMAA in facilitating UMAA?s control of the nature and quality of goods and services
provided under the UMAA Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and UMAA each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
2
