6.3 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

7.1 Association ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of the Association or the college or
university with which it is affiliated provided to Commerce by Association for licensing in the United
States of America in relation to credit card programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials,
which contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Association. Association will
provide such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which
Association provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly
returned to Association upon the request of Association, except for art reasonably required for authorized
current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all
such art is proprietary to Association, may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this
Agreement, and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any
third party, unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under
this Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Association Licensed.
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest
in or to the Association Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall
not attempt to cause the removal of Association's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any
person's credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect Association?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to Association?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

74 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Association as Association may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by Association are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to Association by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the Association Visa Rewards Card.
