throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement; (2) a ten percent (10%) discount
on UMAA membership fees if paid with a UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card; (3) UMAA agrees to
provide a ?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the parties (e.g. advance ticket sales,
discounts on event tickets, use of a suite at sporting event, dinner for two with a coach/athletic director) or
other tangible items to Accountholders when they qualify as an Active Accountholder or as an
engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card
once issued; and (4) a ten percent (10%) discount or bonus point rewards on all Accountholder online
purchases using the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card at www.montanabookstore.com. The parties
agree that implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in
writing and in advance by both parties. UMAA agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process
for awarding bonus rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to
a Member by UMAA. Commerce and UMAA agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and
offered in the future as UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the
card program by generating new Member participation and provide an increase in UMAA Visa Signature
Rewards Card usage. Any change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.4 Commerce may, in its sole discretion and at its expense, either by itself or through the use of
third-party vendors conduct tabling events from time-to-time during the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement at agreed upon UMAA events for the exclusive purpose of soliciting persons of
at least eighteen (18) years of age attending such UMAA events to apply for a UMAA Visa Signature
Rewards Card and to offer them application forms designed by Commerce. UMAA agrees to provide
Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, a comprehensive signage package, exposition space, advertising,
promotional and marketing materials, and other miscellaneous items related to tabling events conducted
or to be conducted at UMAA events for promotion of the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card.

6.5 Where appropriate, UMAA shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card.

6.6 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which UMAA shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for any
instance of special actions requested by UMAA, such as special mailings, additional postage, special
printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not provided
for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those activities
performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting credit card
loans. UMAA shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions requested by
UMAA and, if requested by Commerce, UMAA shall deposit an amount reasonably requested by
Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs,

ARTICLE 7. UMAA Licensed Trademarks

7.1 UMAA ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs, images,
visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of The University of Montana Alumni
Association provided to Commerce by UMAA for licensing in the United States of America in relation to
credit card and financial services programs.

7.2 A\l art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
7
