normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the
particular transaction giving rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

3.3 Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation due
NDSU AA. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and
maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. NDSU AA shall have the
right, upon written notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of
Commerce and at Commerce?s offices in Kansas City, Missouri, to examine, inspect, and audit all such
books and records, and all such other papers and files of Commerce relating to the performance of this
Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation.

3.4 No Compensation shall be earned by NDSU AA as of and after the effective date of
termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Compensation earned prior to such termination shall
be payable to NDSU AA as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 NDSU AA agrees to review the monthly statements of Compensation earned provided to it
by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation, reporting or
payment of Compensation and, in no event, later than one (1) year after the date of such statement.
Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the monthly statement is a
presumption that such statement is correct. NDSU AA understands and acknowledges that Commerce
loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12) months from the date of the
transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability to
reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should NDSU AA elect to perform such an audit from time-
to-time. NDSU AA agrees that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve
supporting documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in and of
itself, be a basis upon which NDSU AA can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Compensation.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow NDSU AA, at its expense, to audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Compensation due NDSU AA. A
copy of any audit performed by NDSU AA will be furnished to Commerce upon its request. If any audit
performed by NDSU AA, or on NDSU AA's behalf, identifies an overpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, NDSU AA agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit Commerce to reduce
the amount of future Compensation payments to recoup the amount of the overpayment or if any audit
performed by NDSU AA, or on NDSU AA?s behalf, identifies an underpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Commerce agrees pay NDSU AA the amount of the underpayment.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4.1 The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until July
31, 2019 (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it shall
automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless either party
notifies the other in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this
Agreement or prior to the expiration of any Renewal Term, that it is terminating and canceling this
Agreement.

4.2 This Agreement shall supersede and replace all co-branded and/or Affinity Group Bank Card
Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4
