or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any such offers, no reference to the
Rewards Card will be made without the prior written approval of the Association and subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop solicitation
materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and usage of the Rewards Card by
potential Accountholders. The materials will be designed and developed for a variety of presentation and
marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc. The exact choice
of materials, presentation and marketing methods will be made by Commerce, subject to the approval by
Association, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

A minimum of one (1) pre-screened solicitation will be completed within eighteen (18) months
after the Launch Date (as hereafter defined). Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional
pre-screened solicitations during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

If additional pre-screened solicitations are agreed to by both parties, subject to the provisions of
Article 9, below, Association agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one or more
electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider designated
and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form as
Commerce agrees, identifying Association Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media file
list will be provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Rewards Card
through commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense, but not limited to: (1) two
exclusive e-mail and/or e-blast messages on an annual basis to all Association Members to solicit
potential Accountholders and make them aware of the Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the prominent
placement of internet advertisements and web links, including a banner on the home page, on the official
Association internet website in order to direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page
located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (3)
encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Rewards Card once issued; (4) distribution of Rewards Card
solicitation materials and applications to potential Accountholders through, but not limited to, the new
Member benefit welcome package, Member benefit renewal package and on social media and web
advertising; (5) on an annual basis one full page advertisement in the offical Association magazine; (6)
quarterly advertisements in the Association e-newsletter which contain web links to the official
Association internet website in order to direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page
located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; and
(7) advertising in various Association publications, Association magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as
applicable. Association agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all
marketing materials, including the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed
media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the Rewards Card (including the use of Commerce?s
name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such
marketing is contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement
