art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

ination i k f A ent. Upon termination of this
Agreement, Commerce shall ? cease fo 1 use > the ?Alumni ?Association and Athletic Association Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Alumni Association?s or Athletic Association?s Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this
Agreement, Commerce shail not attempt to cause the removal of the Alumni Association?s or Athletic
Association?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's credit devices or records of any
customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will
not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other action, which might affect the
Alumni Association?s or Athletic Association?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to the
Alumni Association?s or Athletic Association?s exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any
tights by virtue of any use Commerce may make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically
set out in this Agreement.

2.4 Proprietary Rights. Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear
such proprietary trademark rights notices of the Associations as each Association may reasonable direct.
All rights not specifically granted by Associations are reserved.

ARTICLE 3. Card Issuance

3.1 Commerce to Issue Rewards Cards. Commerce shall open revolving credit accounts
("Member Accounts") and issue MasterCard Rewards Credit Cards ("Rewards Card") to individual
Members of Associations whose applications have been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and
whose credit has been approved by Commerce and to whom a credit card has been issued (individually,
an ?Accountholder? and collectively "Accountholders"). The Rewards Card shall be issued in accordance
with the specifications generally described in Attachment "A" and as developed during the Initial Term
and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Commerce will not solicit, nor
is it under any obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United States of
America or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during the Initial Term
or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or detrimentally affecting the
solicitation of credit card accounts or the terms and conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of
other financial services, all as determined by Commerce in its sole discretion.

3.2 The Rewards Card shall be customized to include, as provided in this Agreement, Alumni
Association?s Licensed Trademarks and the Athletic Association?s Licensed Trademarks to be marketed
to Associations? Members.

3.3 Proprietary Trademark Rights On Rewards Cards. Commerce agrees that all uses of Alumni

Association?s Licensed Trademarks and Athletics Association?s Licensed Trademarks on the Rewards
Card will bear proprietary trademark rights notices of Alumni Association or Athletic Association as the
respective Licensed Trademark owners may reasonably direct.

3.4 Cardholder Agreements. Associations understand and agree that the terms and conditions of
any credit relationship between the Accountholders and Commerce will be governed by a Cardholder
Agreement.

3.5 Third-Party Service Providers. Associations understand and agree that Commerce may from
time-to-time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service
