kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.3. SMU shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating or
credit functions of the Services, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency or
Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 Neither party shall in any circumstances be liable to the other under this Section 10, for any
consequential or indirect loss or damage howsoever arising and of whatsoever nature, including, without
limitation, loss of profit.

10.5. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and be enforceable by either party.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, SMU agrees that Commerce
will be the exclusive provider of the SMU Visa Rewards Card and the Services to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that SMU will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to
the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any
existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter
into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the
marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts and related financial services.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To SMU at:
Brad E. Cheves, Vice President for Development & External Affairs
Southern Methodist University
P.O. Box 750281
Dallas, Texas 75275-0281
Fax: (214) 768-2181

With copy to:

Office of Legal Affairs
Southern Metodist University
P.O. Box 750132

Dallas, Texas 75275-0132
Fax: (214) 768-1208

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center

11
