?Network Rules? means the bylaws, procedures, rules, standards and regulations of the Network, and any determination or finding of
the Network, applicable to or binding upon a party's duties or obligations with respect to the Program.

?Nonpublic Personal Information? means any information from or about Consumers that: (a) relates to any Consumer; (b) relates to,
or derives from, any transaction between Discloser or its Affiliates and any Consumer; or (c) is a list, description or other grouping of
Consumers. Nonpublic Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, application, account and transaction information, Consumer
ames and addresses, consumer report information or information derived therefrom, and the fact that an individual is or was a
customer of FNBO or any ofits Affiliates.

*PCI DSS? means the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.

?Person? means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation, joint venture, company, bank, trust, unincorporated
organization, government or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof.

?Portal? means a website-based software solution provided by FNBO, allowing RUF to enroll in, and subsequently manage, certain
aspects of the Program, including but not limited to, accessing the Portal to upload logos, trademarks and signatures; accessing
Marketing Materials and reports and signing up for marketing campaigns.

?Program? means the credit card program established pursuant to this Agreement including, but not limited fo, all aspects of the
solicitation, marketing, underwriting, delivery, administration, servicing, collection and termination of the Accounts and other related
products and services through any medium as well as the respective obligations of the parties under the Agreement.

?Program Manager? means the FNBO Program Manager or the Marketing Partner Program Manager as described in Section 2.2.
?Program Payment? has the meaning set forth in the Compensation Schedule.

?Program Year? means the twelve calendar month period of time commencing with the Effective Date and each succeeding twelve
calendar month period of time during the Term.

?Recipient? means the party receiving Confidential Information.

?Renewal Term? means each one year period following the conclusion of the Initial Term and any subsequent renewal terms.

?RUAA? means Rutgers University Alumni Association.

?RUAA Website? means the applicable portion of RUF's or RUAA?s relevant website located on the internet at domains registered,
owned and maintained by RUF or RUAA, respectively.

?RUF Generated Account" means a new Account that is originated and subsequently Activated primarily through (a) expenses paid by
RUF; (b) a brochure obtained from a RUF location; or (c) other RUF solicitation channels, such as email, e-newsletters, alumni
publications or alumni sponsored events. For purposes of clarity, a RUF Generated Account means any new Account that is not
originated through an FNBO Direct Mail solicitation.

?RUF Marks? means the trademarks, service marks, trade names, names, logos, copyrights and other proprietary materials and
information owned or licensed by the RUF that the RUF makes available to FNBO to use for Program purposes. The RUF Marks
include the marks shown in the Marks Schedule that are licensed by RUF for the Program.

?RUF Proprietary Rights? means (a) Member Lists; (b) any publicly available information on the RUAA Website excluding any FNBO
Proprietary Rights; (c} any domain names RUF/ RUAA registers for RUF/RUAA?s use on the world wide web; (d) RUF Marks; (e) the
name of RUF and RUAA; (f) the name RUTGERS so long as fairly and accurately used to identify Rutgers, The State University of New
Jersey, and so long as RUTGERS in any stylized or logo form is used as shown in the Marks Schedule; (g) any and all information,
ideas, concepts, artwork, graphics, applications and other proprietary rights of RUF used on the RUAA Website.

?Rutgers? means Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey.

?Sales Employee? means each of RUF?s employees that perform services in connection with the Program.

?Small Business Customer Account? means an Account for a small business customer for business purposes established through
the cardmember agreement between FNBO and such small business customer.

?Subcontractor? means any Person that has a business arrangement with RUF, or FNBO, by contract or otherwise.

?Term? means the Initial Term and each Renewal Term.

SECTION 2: MARKETING

2.1 Product. RUF and FNBO agree that a RUF Marks branded Network Card will be offered pursuant to this Agreement.

2.2 Marketing, Product, and Marketing Strategy Committee; Program Managers; Marketing Plan.
(a) FNBO and RUF will each appoint one Program Manager. Each of the two Program Managers will serve as the principal point for the

other party on Program related issues and will lead the Program Manager's respective team in executing the obligations of its party
under this Agreement, including, without limitation, developing and documenting each Marketing Plan. Each party will have appointed
its initial Program Manager no later than the Effective Date. Within 30 days after the Effective Date, RUF and FNBO will establish the
Committee for the purpose of reviewing and advising the Program Managers regarding Marketing Plans, proposed revisions to
Marketing Plans, overseeing the implementation of the Marketing Plan, and other matters regarding the performance and operation of
the Program. The Committee will be comprised of the Program Manager and one management-level employee representing each

3 mwk 6-21-16
