Rewards Card through online advertisements in the Association?s monthly e-newsletter throughout the
Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (7) Association will promote the Rewards Card through buck slips
inserted into mailers on an agreed upon basis throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; and (8)
Association will incorporate Association Rewards Card promotions through in-person conferences and/or
conventions which may include, but is not limited to, Jumbotron promotions, tabling events and other in-
person opportunities on a to-be-determined and agreed upon basis. Association agrees that it will obtain
prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and content
of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the
Rewards Card (including the use of Commerce?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or for
Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or undertaken
pursuant to this Agreement.

6.3 Association agrees to work internally and/or with strategic partners to develop and offer unique
and exclusive benefits to its Members in order to differentiate the Rewards Card from other credit cards
(collectively, the ?Exclusive Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited
to: a new Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards, a free one year membership or
rewards points to be credited to Member?s Member Account as an exclusive benefit where such rewards
points would be purchased, from time-to-time, by Association from Commerce with the terms of each such
purchase to be agreed upon in writing by the parties and the purchase price deducted from Royalties and
New Account Fees due to Association); entry into events such as the Taste of Health or the Annual Summit;
or other exclusive benefits as agreed to by the parties throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term
of this Agreement; Association agrees to fulfill the activation incentive with a monthly list of new Active
Accountholders that Commerce will provide Association. The parties agree that implementation and
administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in advance by Commerce
and the Association. Association agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process for awarding
rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to a Member by
Association. Commerce and Association agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and offered
in the future as Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program by generating new
Member participation and provide an increase in Rewards Card usage. Any change in the Exclusive
Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Rewards Card for its Members.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks
