date of those credit cards.

4.4 In the event of termination of this Agreement, all University Accounts shall remain the
exclusive property of Commerce, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation
on part of Commerce to pay Royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the
transfer of the University Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit and offer credit card accounts or
other financial services to Accountholders.

4.5 Either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1) a
party fails to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Agreement; or (2) a material adverse change occurs in a party?s financial condition; or (3)
commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the dissolution or
termination of a party?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of a party, the appointment of a
receiver for any part of a party?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor
workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against
a party; or (4) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding,
self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a party or by any governmental
agency against any of a party?s property.

ARTICLE 5. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) Commerce agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to University
Accountholders which shall include the minimum Visa standards for product enhancements associated
with the Visa product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall! be available only for such
period of time as the related services are available to Commerce and its cardholders from third party
processors and providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to
cancellation or change by Commerce at any time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the
right to add, delete, modify or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such
Enhancements from time-to-time during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is
understood and agreed that from time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to
the Accountholders are provided by third parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements,
including the availability and cost thereof to Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such
Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, University Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the University
Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any
Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and University as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3 Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders financial services and products and to refer to the existence of the University Visa

5
