10.3 UMAA shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the UMAA Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency
or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 Neither party shall in any circumstances be liable to the other under this Section 10, for any
consequential or indirect loss or damage howsoever arising and of whatsoever nature, including, without
limitation, loss of profit.

10.5 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, UMAA agrees that Commerce
will be the exclusive provider of the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that UMAA will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior
to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any
existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter
into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the
marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts. For clarification purposes,
debit cards (any card that solely accesses or is otherwise primarily associated with a deposit, a retail
mutual fund, brokerage, prepaid, or other asset account) are excluded from this Article 11.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To UMAA at:
The University of Montana Alumni Association
115 Brantly Hall
Missoula, MT 59812
Attention: Bill Johnston, President & CEO

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.

ARTICLE 13. Business Day
13
