4.6 Mutual Representations. Commerce and Associations each warrant and represent that as of
the date hereof and during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations
under this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or
other applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any
third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes,
laws and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

4.7_ Commerce Responsibility for Representations. Commerce acknowledges that it shall be
solely responsible for ensuring the truth and accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of
any kind about or relating to Commerce or its associates, or their business, products or services, made or
included, expressly or impliedly, by Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any
advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

4.8 No Issuance of Cards to Students. Associations acknowledge and agree that certain federal
and state consumer protection laws and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of
consumer credit cards to students, underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?)
as described in those laws and implementing regulations. Associations further acknowledge and agree
that no Protected Consumers are, or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as
Members who may be identified or solicited to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement.
Each Association agrees it will not knowingly provide to Commerce the names of any such Protected
Consumers under this Agreement and each Association agrees it will not, in any way, solicit or promote
the Rewards Card to any such Protected Consumers; however, such solicitation and promotion is not
intended to include general promotional, informational or advertising materials directed at or available to
Association Members as a whole. As such, each Association acknowledges and agrees that it will at all
times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit
Card Accountability and Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair
Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or
regulations may now exist or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation
and enforcement of such acts and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?)
or by any state agency enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

4.9 Associations Responsible for Representations. Associations acknowledge that they shall be
solely responsible for ensuring the truth and accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of
any kind about or relating to Associations or their associates, or their business, products or services, made
or included, expressly or impliedly, by Associations or with its prior written consent, whether in any
advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 5. Compensation and Reporting

5.1 Associations? Compensation. Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement
Associations shall earn and be paid Compensation in U.S. Dollars (??USD?) in accordance with the rates,
terms and provisions contained in Attachment ?B?. All Compensation earned by the Associations shall be
paid to the Associations in care of, and payable solely to, the Alumni Association. Alumni Association
