ATTACHMENT ?B?
COMPENSATION

In exchange for the use of Foundation?s Licensed Trademarks, Commerce shall pay Foundation
Compensation as follows:

1.

Royalty fees:

A royalty fee (?Royalty?) equivalent to twelve point five percent (12.5%) of the then-current Visa
net interchange rate for all Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open,
non-Statused Foundation Accounts (equivalent to twenty-five cents ($.25) per one hundred
dollars ($100.00) at the Visa net interchange rate as of December 31, 2014). The Visa net
interchange rate is an internal rate calculated by Commerce for each rewards card program based
upon Visa net interchange income for each rewards card program as related to all accountholder
total purchase volume for each rewards card program, with such rate generally re-calculated each
January 1 and July 1. Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in dispute are deducted from
Accountholder total purchase volume to reach ?Net Merchandise Purchases.? ?Merchandise
Purchases? refers to transactions for goods or services, and excludes cash advances and quasi-
cash transactions, such as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks, convenience checks, wire
transfers, money orders, balance transfers and gaming chips or fees or premiums for coverage or
insurance to protect the balances of an Accountholder?s account. As used in this Agreement, a
?Statused? account is one that is lost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed, bankrupt, charged-off, over-
limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay Foundation for each new Foundation Account opened and Active (an
?Active? account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, a Foundation Account on
which a Member initiated debit transaction, i.e., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or
convenience check occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New
Account Fee?) of fifty dollars ($50.00) for each Active Foundation Account.

a. Commerce and Foundation may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to Foundation for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole
discretion, if the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for
any three (3) consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval
rate is the number of all applications which are approved for a Foundation Account, using
Commerce?s normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications
received through the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due Foundation for newly activated Member Accounts acquired
by Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to Foundation for an Foundation
Account booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a
Rewards Card as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud,

17
