Rewards Card or the Association Licensed Trademarks subject however to the provisions of Article 9,
below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Association Visa
Rewards Card through commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense, but not limited
to: (1) e-mail and/or e-blast message on an annual basis to all Association Members to solicit potential
Accountholders and make them aware of the Association Visa Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the
prominent placement of internet advertisements and Web links on the official Association internet
website in order to direct applicants to a Association Visa Rewards Card application internet Web page
located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (3)
encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Association Visa Rewards Card once issued; (4) distribution of
Association Visa Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to potential Accountholders
through, but not limited to, the new Member benefit welcome package, Member benefit renewal package
and on social media and web advertising; and (5) advertising in various Association publications,
magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as applicable. Association agrees that it will obtain prior written
approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and content of such
marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the
Association Visa Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by
or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or
undertaken pursuant to this Agreement

6.2 Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Association Visa Rewards Card.

6.3 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

7.1 Association ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of the Murray State Alumni
Association provided to Commerce by Association for licensing in the United States of America in
relation to credit card and financial services programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Association. Association will provide
such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which
Association provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly

6
