2.1 Foundation expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa U.S.A., Inc. and
agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 Foundation represents that it has the authority to utilize the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter
described in Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such
Licensed Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, Foundation
represents that Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by Foundation of
its exclusive authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and
any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by
Foundation during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. Foundation agrees to
provide, if requested, written evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of
such trademarks as Foundation intends to use in conjunction with the Rewards Card and of any trademark
rights notices required when such trademarks are used.

2.3. Foundation represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by Foundation will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 Foundation represents that disclosure by Foundation to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to Foundation Members will not violate any law,
regulation, restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by Foundation of such information.
Foundation further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to
Commerce the following Foundation Member information for the purposes contemplated herein: names,
mailing addresses, and e-mail addresses.

2.5 Foundation agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and
permitted the non-exclusive use of approved, specified Foundation Licensed Trademarks in order to
provide the Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as provided in
Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Foundation for the specific use of the Foundation
Licensed Trademarks on the Rewards Card and any Enhancements. Foundation shall have the right to
inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples of how
the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under the Foundation
Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved by Foundation pursuant to this
paragraph, and in accordance with Foundation?s industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to
cooperate with Foundation in facilitating Foundation?s control of the nature and quality of goods and
services provided under the Foundation Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and Foundation each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party;
