provided for herein, to make reasonable efforts to provide to or arrange for ACU
all of the following marketing opportunities and items (each such opportunity or
item, an "Element") at no additional charge to ACU during each Term Year of
this Agreement (each such annual package of Elements is hereinafter referred to
as an "Annual Marketing Plan"). The parties agree that the obligation of
NAAUA to provide each item of each Annual Marketing plan is a material
obligation of NAAUA to ACU. ACU acknowledges that many of the Elements
described below are arranged, scheduled, and conducted by the University or by
third parties under contract with the University or others and therefore may be
cancelled or discontinued. As a consequence, NAAUA does not promise that it
can provide any or all of the Elements nor guarantee that any particular Element
will occur annually throughout the term of this Agreement. NAAUA shall make
reasonable efforts to provide an alternative Element within the same Term Year
should any particular Element be cancelled or discontinued through no fault of
NAAUA.
1. NAAUA agrees to meet with ACU during the first quarter during
each Term Year) to plan the Annual Marketing Plan for the Term
Year. Such meeting shall be held at a time and place mutually
agreed upon by the parties.
2. Subject to the mutual agreement of the parties prior to each
Element, NAAUA shall provide ACU with necessary access,
during each Term Year of this Agreement, for ACU to conduct
Direct Promotional Events, to reasonable Elements, including but
not limited to events sponsored by, hosted, or associated with
NAAUA, Chapter events, events in connection with Future Alumni
for Tradition and Excellence, any organizations or sub-
organizations formed or sponsored by NAAUA, and any other
mutually agreed upon event. Such access shall be at no additional
cost to ACU unless there is a direct cost to NAAUA; in that event,
such cost will be paid by ACU.
During the Term, NAAUA shall provide ACU with a tile advertisement at
www.alumni.ua.edu/merchandise in a size and shape that is consistent with the
majority of other tile advertisements being displayed on that page. The tile
advertisement?s content will be subject to the approval of NAAUA and the
University. Further, the advertisement shall contain only a link to the Affinity
Credit Card Program. In addition, NAAUA shall provide additional electronic
communications and promotions of ACU via social media, subject to approval by
ACU. NAAUA will provide the placement of a prominent web advertisement
with a direct link to the Affinity Credit Card information on the NAAUA
homepage for at least six months of each year in Term. NAAUA will also
provide a prominent link to the Affinity Credit Card information at the top of the
NAAUA homepage. All advertisements and web links referenced in this

Page 4 of 16

<n
