10.5 Definitions. The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used
herein shall mean all nonpublic personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
(?GLB?), (15 U.S.C. ??6801-6809 ) all ?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and
Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (?FACT Act?) (15 U.S.C. ?1681 et seq.) and any and all
privacy regulations, guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate
regulatory authorities. A ?Commerce Customer? as used herein includes an Accountholder.

10.6 tion of Confidential tomer Information. While it is contemplated that Associations
will neither be furnished nor receive Confidential Customer Information, should Associations come into
possession of any Confidential Customer Information, each Association agrees that it will not use or
disclose such Confidential Customer Information that it receives or obtains from Commerce other than is
necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

10.7 No Disclosure. Each Association agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential
Customer Information to any third-party except those who have a need to know and only to enable such
Associations to provide the services under this Agreement and only to such third parties who have
assumed confidentiality obligations consistent with those provided for herein.

10.8 Security Measures to Protect. Each Association agrees that it has in place certain security
measures to protect the Confidential Customer Information and further agrees that it will implement such
additional security measures and use such additional care as may be required to continually preserve and
protect the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers throughout the term of the
Agreement and for such time beyond the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any
Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers.

10.9 Train Staff to Protect. Each Association agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its
employees and staff regarding the need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s
Customers from being used or disclosed other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to
continually monitor its procedures, safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer
Information.

10.10 Notification of Commerce if Breach. Each Association agrees to notify Commerce
immediately upon discovery of any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure of Confidential
Customer Information and to notify Commerce of any demand, including any form of legal proceeding or
process, made upon it for access to or disclosure of any Confidential Customer Information.

10.11 Commerce Can Review Security. Each Association agrees that Commerce has the right to
periodically review the security measures employed by such Association to determine or verify that
Association?s compliance with its obligations under this Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal
remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief, to enforce the provisions hereof.

10.12. Mutual Indemnification. Each party agrees to indemnify the other from and against all
claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees,
asserted against or incurred by one party is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure
of Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of such party.

10.13 Disposing of Confidential Customer Information. When disposing of any Confidential
Customer Information, whether upon termination of this Agreement or as otherwise directed by
Commerce, each Association agrees to either retum to Commerce the media upon which such
Confidential Customer Information is stored by such Association, whether in a tangible or electronic
form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or reconstructed.

11
