7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Association Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Association Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Association's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect Association?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to Association?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Association as Association may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by Association are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to Association by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the Rewards Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Association hereunder. All art which Commerce provides
to Association in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce
upon the request of Commerce, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of
approved marketing materials. Association acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Commerce
may only be used for Association?s authorized activities under this Agreement, and Association agrees
that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party
is required to assist Association in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.7 Upon termination of this Agreement, Association shall cease to use the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. Association agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Commerce Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Association shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Commerce?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices, checks or records of any Commerce customer existing as of the effective date of
termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Association agrees that it will no
longer publish, distribute or authorize the use of any marketing or other material bearing any Commerce
Licensed Trademark. Association agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection
or take any other action, which might affect Commerce?s ownership of any of the rights in the Commerce
Licensed Trademarks. Association understands and agrees that its use of the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks shall inure to Commerce?s exclusive benefit and that Association will not acquire any rights
by virtue of any use Association may make of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks, other than as
specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.8 Association agrees that all uses of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks shall bear such
proprietary trademark rights notices of Commerce as the Commerce may reasonable direct. All rights not
specifically granted by Commerce are reserved.
