therewith, arising from the Trademark license granted herein or from ACU's use
of the Trademarks in reliance thereon. NAAUA shall promptly notify ACU in
the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to
such license, sublicense, or the use of any Trademarks.

f. NAAUA shall not enter into any other agreement which has the effect of
modifying this Agreement

g. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not and
will not (i) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction,
decree, determination or award presently in effect having applicability to
NAAUA, (ii) result in a breach or constitute a default under any agreement to
which NAAUA is subject, or (iii) require any authorizations, consents, or
approvals with any entity or require any authorizations, consents, approvals,
licenses, exemptions from or filings or registrations with any state,
commonwealth, federal, foreign, territorial, regulatory, or other governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, except those
which have been provided to ACU prior to the Effective Date.

9. No Benefit to Third Parties. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be for
the sole benefit of NAAUA and ACU and their respective successors and assigns, and no
other Person shall have any right, benefit, priority or interest under or because of this
Agreement.

10. Successors and Assigns, This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit i
of the respective successors and assigns of each of the Parties, but does not otherwise i
create, and shall not be construed as creating, any rights enforceable by any other person
not a party to this Agreement.

1

pa

- Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective Parties hereto shall
be given in writing and sent either by a reputable express overnight delivery service with
a next business day delivery or by hand delivery, and shall be deemed to have been duly
received on the next business day (if sent by overnight delivery with next business day
delivery) or on the day of sending if sent by hand delivery. All notices, requests and
demands are to be given or made to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or
to such other addresses as either Party may designate by notice in accordance with the
provisions of this paragraph):

Ifto NAAUA: The National Alumni Association of The University Of Alabama
Attention:
If to ACU: Alabama Credit Union
Page 11 of 16

? CS)
