cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the particular transaction
giving rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

3.3. Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation due Foundation.
Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and maintained for at
least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. Foundation shall have the right, upon written
notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of Commerce and at
Commerce?s offices in Kansas City, Missouri, to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and records,
and ail such other papers and files (collectively, ?Account Records?) of Commerce relating to the
performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation. If practicable,
Commerce, at the request of the Foundation, shall send copies of the Account Records to Foundation, at
Foundation?s expense, in paper or electronic format, in lieu of an in-house examination of the Account
Records by Foundation.

3.4 No Compensation shall be earned by Foundation as of and after the effective date of
termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Compensation earned prior to such termination shall
be payable to Foundation as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 Foundation agrees to review the monthly statements of Compensation earned provided to it
by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation, reporting or
payment of Compensation and, in no event, later than one (1) year after the date of such statement.
Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the monthly statement is a
presumption that such statement is correct. Foundation understands and acknowledges that Commerce
loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12) months from the date of the
transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability to
reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should Foundation elect to perform such an audit from time-
to-time. Foundation agrees that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve
supporting documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in and of
itself, be a basis upon which Foundation can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Compensation.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow Foundation, at its expense, to audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Compensation due Foundation. A
copy of any audit performed by Foundation will be furnished to Commerce upon its request. If any audit
performed by Foundation, or on Foundation's behalf, identifies an overpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Foundation agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit Commerce to reduce
the amount of future Compensation payments to recoup the amount of the overpayment or if any audit
performed by Foundation, or on Foundation?s behalf, identifies an underpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Commerce agrees to reimburse Foundation the amount of the
underpayment.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4.1 The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until
June 30, 2020 (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it shall
automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless either party
notifies the other in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this
Agreement or prior to the expiration of any Renewal Term, that it is terminating and canceling this

4
