thirty-five dollars ($35.00) for each Active Member Account.

a. Commerce and Association may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to Association for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole
discretion, if the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for
any three (3) consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval
rate is the number of all applications which are approved for a Member Account, using
Commerce?s normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications
received through the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due Association for newly activated Member Accounts
acquired by Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to Association for an Member Account
booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a Rewards Card as
described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud, violations of any
Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect to the credit card
account.

As a one time ?Advance? against the combination of Royalties and New Account Fees
anticipated to be earned by Association during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this
Agreement, provided that this Agreement is executed by Association May 31, 2015, Commerce
will pay Association an Advance of ten thousand dollars (US $10,000) within thirty (30) days of
the Launch Date. The ?Launch Date? is the date on which the first Association Rewards Card
becomes Active. In the event that Association fails to earn sufficient Royalties and New Account
Fees during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement to fully repay the Advance,
Association will not be obligated to repay any unearned portion of such Advance, provided,
however, in the event that this Agreement is terminated by Commerce as a result of a material
breach of Association obligations under this Agreement, Association shall pay to Commerce a
pro rata refund of the unearned portion of such Advance (the ?Advance Refund?). Association
shall pay such Advance Refund to Commerce within thirty (30) days after the effective date of
termination and receipt of an invoice from Commerce. During the course of this Agreement, all
Royalties and New Account Fees earned by Association that exceed ten thousand dollars (US
$10,000) will be paid to Association within forty-five (45) days of each month end.

Within forty-five (45) days of each month end, Commerce will provide a month end report for the
preceding month showing the detail of monthly sales volume and the number of new activated
Association Accounts upon which Royalties and New Account Fees are calculated.

Association shall not conduct any new account generation activity nor produce any credit card
product or account related print, electronic or other material without the express oversight and
approval of Commerce.
