2.2 SMU represents that it is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter described in
Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed
Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, SMU represents that
Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by SMU of its exclusive
authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by SMU during the Initial
Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement.

2.3 SMU represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as authorized
herein by SMU will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other proprietary interest of
any third party.

2.4 SMU represents that disclosure by SMU to Commerce of confidential or non-confidential
information in its files pertaining to SMU Members will not violate any law, regulation, restriction or
contractual prohibition against disclosure by SMU of such information. SMU further acknowledges and
agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such member information,
including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. for the uses and purposes
contemplated herein.

2.5 SMU agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted the
non-exclusive use of approved, specified SMU Licensed Trademarks in order to provide the SMU Visa
Rewards Card, the Services and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as provided
in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from SMU for the specific use of the SMU Licensed
Trademarks on the SMU Visa Rewards Card, the Services and any Enhancements. SMU shall have the
right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples
of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under the SMU
Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved by SMU pursuant to this
paragraph, and in accordance with SMU?s industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate
with SMU in facilitating SMU?s control of the nature and quality of goods and services provided under
the SMU Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and SMU each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by

2
