ARTICLE 7. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

7.1 (a) Commerce to Provide Enhancements. Commerce agrees to provide certain features and
enhancements to Associations Accountholders which shall include the minimum MasterCard standards
for product enhancements associated with the MasterCard product category (collectively, the
?Enhancements?) and shall be available only for such period of time as the related services are available
to Commerce and its cardholders from third party processors and providers. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to cancellation or change by Commerce at any
time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the right to add, delete, modify or withdraw
Enhancements or change the specific features of any such Enhancements from time-to-time during the
Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that from time-to-time
one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to the Accountholders are provided by third
parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements, including the availability and cost thereof to
Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified
or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) Rewards Program. In addition to the Enhancements, Association Accountholders will
participate in the Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards
issued by Commerce.

7.2 Modification of Enhancements. Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific
Enhancements to the Member Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement
or during the term of any Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written
notification to affected Accountholders and Association as may be required by law or regulation.

7.3 Toll Free Number. Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a nonexclusive
toll-free telephone number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or
stolen credit cards or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

7.4 Other Financial Service Products. Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted
from time-to-time to offer to Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any
such offers, no reference to the Associations will be made.

ARTICLE 8. Solicitation and Member Benefits.

8.1 Commerce to Devel licitations. Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of
this Agreement, develop solicitation materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and
usage of the Rewards Card by potential Accountholders of each Association. The materials will be
designed and developed for a variety of presentation and marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads,
web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc. The exact choice of materials, presentation and marketing
methods will be made by Commerce, subject to the approval by each Association for use with its
solicitations, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

8.2 Member Benefits. Associations may elect, but are not required to develop and offer unique
and exclusive benefits to its Members in order to differentiate the Rewards Card from other credit cards
(collectively, the ?Exclusive Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited
to: (1) a new Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards, a free one year
membership) as agreed to by the parties throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this
Agreement; each Association may elect, but is not required to fulfill an activation incentive with monthly
lists of new Active Accountholders that Commerce will provide; and (2) each Association may elect, but
