Should Alumni Association elect, in its sole discretion, to utilize marking materials, Alumni Association
agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials,
including the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized,
relating to the promotion of the Rewards Card {including the use of Commerce?s name, logo, trademarks,
etc.) developed for Alumni Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is
contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

Athletic Association Promotional Opportunities. _ Athletic Association agrees to provide Commerce

with the following opportunities to market the Rewards Card_throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term:

1. Two Exclusive E-mail or E-blast Messages. The Athletic Association has a list containing
approximately 55,800 email addresses for its season ticket holders and friends. The Athletic Association
will send out two emails each year to these email addresses to solicit potential Accountholders and make
them aware of the Rewards Card and its benefits. The content of the two emails will be prepared by
Commerce subject to the approval of the Athletic Association.

2. Advertising Banner. The Athletic Association shall provide on its current website at
www.floridagators.com or any successor or future website that replaces such current website, a run-of-site
rotating banner promoting the Rewards Card in a size consistent with other advertisers on
www. floridagators.com in order to direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page
located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term.

3. Message Board Announcements. The Athletic Association shall provide four (4) message board
announcements on LED message board (North End Zone) during each home football game to generate
awareness of the Rewards Card.

4. GatorVision Board Messages. The Athletic Association shall provide four (4) GatorVision board
messages including card image during each home football game.

Should Athletic Association elect, in its sole discretion, to utilize marking materials, Athletic Association
agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials,
including the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized,
relating to the promotion of the Rewards Card (including the use of Commerce?s name, logo, trademarks,
etc.) developed for Athletic Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is
contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

22
