7.1 Foundation ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of The University of Vermont
Foundation provided to Commerce by Foundation for licensing in the United States of America in
relation to credit card and financial services programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Foundation. Foundation will provide
such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. Alli art which
Foundation provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly
returned to Foundation upon the request of Foundation, except for art reasonably required for authorized
current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such
art is proprietary to Foundation, may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this
Agreement, and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any
third party, unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under
this Agreement.

7.3. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Foundation Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Foundation Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Foundation's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect Foundation?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to Foundation?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Foundation as Foundation may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by Foundation are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to Foundation by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the Rewards Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Foundation hereunder. All art which Commerce provides
to Foundation in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce
upon the request of Commerce, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of
approved marketing materials. Foundation acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Commerce
may only be used for Foundation?s authorized activities under this Agreement, and Foundation agrees that
such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist Foundation in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.7 Upon termination of this Agreement, Foundation shall cease to use the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. Foundation agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Commerce Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Foundation shall not

8
