AFFINITY CARD LICENSE AGREEMENT

S AFFINITY CARD LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as
of the @*? day of April 2017 (the ?Effective Date?), by and between University of Florida Alumni
Association (? ?Alumni _ Association"), a Non-Profit Corporation organized in the State of Florida,
University Athletic Association ("Athletic Association"), a Non-Profit Corporation organized in the
State of Florida (Alumni Association and Athletic Association are individually known as ?Association?
and collectively known as the ?Associations?) and Commerce Bank ("Commerce"), a Missouri bank and
trust company,

WHEREAS, Associations and Commerce desire to make available to the Associations?
community (alumni, membership, employees, friends, trustees, officers and staff), (hereinafter referred to
collectively as ?Members?), a MasterCard credit card upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
and.

WHEREAS, Associations are willing to make their proprietary intellectual property and mailing
lists available to Commerce in connection with Commerce?s offering of credit cards to Members subject
to the terms and condition of this Agreement, and

WHEREAS, Associations and Commerce desire that the marketing plans for the MasterCard
credit card using Associations? Licensed Trademarks accomplish the respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed by the parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE 1. License to Use Mailing Lists

1.1 License Granted. Associations shall provide from time to time to Commerce lists of their
respective Members from their most recent mailing lists (the ?Mailing Lists?) for purposes of direct mail
solicitations of Member Accounts. Associations hereby grant a non-exclusive license to Commerce to use
their Mailing Lists. Commerce will be the only credit card issuing financial institution granted a license
to use Associations? Mailing Lists for the solicitation of Member Accounts.

1.2 Mailing List Specifications. Each of the Mailing Lists shall contain separate and unduplicated
marketable names including home address (Street address, U. S. City, State and U.S. Post Office Zip
Code.) of at least four hundred and fifty thousand (450,000) names. The individuals on the Mailing Lists
shall be eligible for a solicitation of credit, i.e., resident citizens of the United States aged eighteen (18)
years and older. Name and Address information provided should be accurate as of twelve (12) months or
less as of the date the Mailing List is supplied to Commerce, to the best of Associations? knowledge using
commercially reasonable tools and means. Names shall not include those Members that have requested to
?opt-out? of solicitation pieces. The Mailing Lists will not contain phone numbers or email addresses.

1.3 Format. The Mailing Lists shall be provided in electronic format as agreed upon by
Commerce, preferably in CSV or TAB format. A file layout document for the file will be provided by
Associations to Commerce. Commerce prefers that first and last names provided be parsed in the file
provided.

1.4 Electronic Media Files. Associations agree to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce,
one or more electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third party
