without similar restriction, or (c) is required to be disclosed by operation of law or under order of a court
of competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a governmental agency.

ARTICLE 9. Confidentiality.
Part A: Confidential Information

9.1 ?Confidential Information? shall mean any processes, procedures, or business information
furnished by one party to the other in connection with this Agreement, whether orally or in writing or in
electronic form. Such Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, the existence and terms
of this Agreement, trade secrets, business or financial information, product and marketing plans, and
customer and supplier information. All Confidential Information disclosed to the other party is deemed to
be confidential, restricted and proprietary to the disclosing party.

9.2 The party receiving Confidential Information of the other party must provide the same care
to avoid disclosure or unauthorized use of the Confidential Information as it provides to protect its own
similar confidential information, but in no event less than commercially reasonable care.

9.3 All Confidential Information, unless otherwise agreed in writing: (a) shall not be copied,
distributed, disclosed, or disseminated in any way or form by receiving party without the prior written
consent of the disclosing party; (b) shall be used by the receiving party only in connection with the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, unless otherwise consented to in writing by the
disclosing party, except as required to provide the services; (c) shall remain the property of and be
returned together with all copies of such information, to the disclosing party or destroyed after the
receiving party?s need for it has expired or upon request of the disclosing party, and, in any event, upon
expiration or termination of this Agreement. At the request of the disclosing party, the receiving party
will furnish a certificate of an officer of the receiving party certifying that Confidential Information not
retuned to disclosing party has been destroyed. Notwithstanding the above, the receiving party may
retain a copy of the Confidential Information for regulatory reasons.

9.4 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Information? does not include information
which: (a) has been or may in the future be published or is now or may in the future be otherwise in the
public domain through no fault of the receiving party; (b) prior to disclosure pursuant to this Agreement is
property within the legitimate possession of the receiving party; (c) subsequent to disclosure pursuant to
this Agreement is lawfully received from a third party having rights in the information without restriction
of the third party?s right to disseminate the information and without notice of any restriction against its
further disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party through parties who have not had
access to such Confidential Information; or (e) is obligated to be produced by operation of law or under
order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a governmental agency.

Part B: Confidential Customer Information

9.5 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used herein shall
mean all nonpublic personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (?GLB?),
(15 U.S.C. ??6801-6809 ) all ?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act of 2003 (?FACT Act?) (15 U.S.C. ?1681 et seq.) and any and all privacy regulations,
guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory authorities.
A ?Commerce Customer? as used herein includes an Accountholder.

10
