Part C:_General Provisions

10.14 Injunctive Relief. The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in
the event of any breach of this Section, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to
compensate a party for such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article,
without limiting any other rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has
breached or threatened to breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

10.15 Obligations Survive. The obligations in this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and will remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 11. Indemnity

11.1 (a) Associations to Indemnify Commerce. Each Association hereby agrees that it shall
defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers,
employees, agents, and representatives from and against any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments,
settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the
same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct of such Association, it agents, employees or
representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-performance by the Association of its obligations
under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered by this
indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify such Association thereof in writing. The
Association shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal
strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or
suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. Each Association shall cause Commerce to
be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

(b) Commerce to Indemnify Associations. Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless Associations and their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees,
agents, and representatives from and against any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments,
settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the
same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct of Commerce, it agents, employees or
representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-performance by Commerce of its obligations
under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered by this
indemnification provision, Associations shall promptly notify Commerce thereof in writing. Commerce
shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any
claim or suit. Associations shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with
separate counsel, but at Associations? own expense. Commerce shall cause Associations to be kept fully
apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

11.2 Indemnification of Commerce. Associations agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold
harmless Commerce and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and
representatives from and against any and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party
Infringement Claim based on the use of the Licensed Trademarks listed on Attachment D (?Product?),
including Licensed Trademarks subsequently authorized and/or added to Attachment D. ?Infringement
Claim? means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any
patent, copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means
all costs, expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages,
enhanced damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable
attorney fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include
