10.1 (a) Webster hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Webster, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by Webster of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or
potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shali promptly notify Webster
thereof in writing. Webster shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement,
and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such
claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. Webster shall cause Commerce to
be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Webster and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attomney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct
of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or
potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Webster shall promptly notify Commerce
thereof in writing. Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation,
settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Webster shall be entitled to participate in the defense
of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Webster?s own expense. Commerce shall cause
Webster to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 Webster agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?

means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriafes any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3, Webster shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency
or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Webster agrees that Commerce
will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to Accountholders and potential Accountholders and
that Webster will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to the termination of this

11
