y

2.5. Bank agrees to provide an ?800 number? for any bankcard customer service complaint

or ingu

2.6, Bank a

iry calls.

grees that the rights and ownership of member credit accounts hereunder may not

be assigned or otherwise transferred, other than to an affiliate of Commerce Bancshares,
Inc. without the prior written consent of AACS,

ARTICLE IU, AACS Participation

3.1

3.4

ba
uM

3.7

ARTICLE IV, *

41

AACS agrees that Bank will be permitted use of the AACS name and logo as
needed to provide the Services and any Enhancements thereto, and that AACS
member Bankcards, and promotion materials related thereto, shall be customized
to include, without limitation, AACS?s name and logo, but for no other purpose,
subject to the provisions of 3.6.

Subject to the provisions of Article 6.2, AACS agrees to provide to Bank
computer tapes, or a listing in such other form as Bank agrees, listing AACS?
current members for solicitation purposes, at no charge to Bank,

AACS agrees to cooperate with Bank on a continuing basis in the encouragement
of AACS members to apply for Visa Bankcards and to utilize issued Bankeards.
AACS agrees that it will obtain Bank approval of all materials relating to the
Services (including the use of Bank?s name) developed by or for AACS, whether
of not pursuant to this Agreement, except as to the already approved inclusion on
the bankcard application forms of the following text: ?Waiver. The undersigned
hereby waives all claims of any nature and in any manner related to uses of a
Bankcard issued by reason of this application against AACS.?

AACS expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark ?Visa? by Visa U.S.A.
and agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with such ownership.

Bank may in its sole discretion change, withdraw or add specific enhancements
to the AACS Member Accounts (?Enhancements?), as it deems nevessary.

Bank or its affiliates shall be permitted to offer, from time to time, services and
products of Bank or its affiliates to Accountholders other than the Services and to
use the AACS? name in connection therewith, subject to final approval of the
AACS,

Bank acknowledges and agrees that no part of the royalty paid is being paid to
AACS in exchange for services rendered by AACS to Bank,

Terms of Agreement

The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years commencing upon its
execution, except that the terms specified in the Attachments hereto, may be
renegotiated at the end of 18 months of the term of this Agreement and again at
the end of year three (3) of this Agreement. If Bank proposes new terms, as
provided in this paragraph. then Bank agrees to submit proposed terms ninety
(90) days prior to the expiration of the initia! or renewal period as applicable, At
the expiration of the term of this Agreement, it shall automatically renew fora

w
