ATTACHMENT ?B?
ROYALTY COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay SMU compensation as follows:

1.

A royalty fee (?Royalty?) equivalent to 13.5% of the then-current Visa net interchange rate for all
Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open, non-Statused SMU
Accounts (equivalent to twenty-five cents ($.25) per $100 at the Visa interchange rate as of
September 1, 2012). The Royalty fee will be adjusted semi-annually on each January 1 and July
1 for any change in the Visa net interchange rate. The Visa net interchange rate is an internal rate
calculated by Commerce for each rewards card program based upon Visa interchange income for
each rewards card program as related to all accountholder total purchase volume for each rewards
card program. Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in dispute are deducted from
Accountholder total purchase volume to reach ?Net Merchandise Purchases.? ?Merchandise
Purchases? refers to transactions for goods or services, and excludes cash advances and quasi-
cash transactions, such as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks, convenience checks, wire
transfers, money orders, balance transfers and gaming chips. As used in this Agreement, a
?Statused? account is one that is lost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed, bankrupt, charged-off, over-
limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay SMU a fee for each new SMU Account opened and Active (an ?Active?
account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, a SMU Account on which a member
initiated debit transaction, i.e., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or convenience check
occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New Account Fee?) of thirty
dollars ($30.00) for each Active SMU Account.

a. Commerce and SMU may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-time
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other marketing
messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to SMU for accounts produced through
such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole discretion, if the
average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for any three (3)
consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval rate is the
number of all applications which are approved for a SMU Account, using Commerce?s normal
credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications received through the
respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due SMU for newly activated SMU Accounts acquired by
Commerce direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch advertisements/solicitations or
through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to SMU for an SMU Account booked
from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a SMU Visa Rewards Card
as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud, violations of
any Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect to the credit
card account.

As an Advance against the combination of Royalties and New Account Fees anticipated to be
earned by SMU during the Initial Term of this Agreement, Commerce will pay SMU an Advance

15
