that it will do nothing inconsistent with the ownership of such mark.

2.2 UNTAA represents that it is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter described in
Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed
Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, UNTAA represents that
Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by UNTAA of its exclusive
authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by UNTAA during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement.

2.3. UNTAA represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by UNTAA will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 UNTAA represents that disclosure by UNTAA to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to UNTAA Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by UNTAA of such information, UNTAA further
acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such member
information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, 2tc. for the uses and
purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 UNTAA agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted
the non-exclusive use of approved, specified UNTAA Licensed Trademarks in order to provide the
UNTAA Visa Rewards Card, the Services and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes
except as provided in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from UNTAA for the specific use of
the UNTAA Licensed Trademarks on the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card, the Services and any
Enhancements. UNTAA shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under
its mark and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods
and services provided under the UNTAA Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously
approved by UNTAA pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with UNTAA?s industry quality
standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate with UNTAA in facilitating UNTAA?s control of the nature
and quality of goods and services provided under the UNTAA Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and UNTAA each warrant and represent that as of the date hereof and during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights ?any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of, all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
2
