request. If any audit performed by UNTAA, or on UNTAA's behalf, identifies an overpayment by
Commerce in Royalties or New Account Fees for any period, UNTAA agrees tor ?mburse Commerce or
permit Commerce to reduce the amount of future Royalty or New Account Fee payments to recoup the
amount of the overpayment.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4.1 The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until
June 30, 2018 (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it shall
automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless either party
notifies the other in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this
Agreement or prior to the expiration of any Renewal Term, that it is terminating and canceling this
Agreement.

4.2 This Agreement shall supersede and replace all co-branded and/or Affinity Group Bank Card
Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4.3 Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any UNTAA Visa Rewards Card issued
before such termination may continue to be held and used by Accountholders for a period of one (1) year
or until the stated expiration date of those credit cards, which ever comes first.

4.4 In the event of termination of this Agreement, all UNTAA Accounts shall remain the
exclusive property of Commerce, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation
on part of Commerce to pay Royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the
transfer of the UNTAA Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit and offer cred?: card accounts or other
financial services to Accountholders, but may not offer any services using the UNTAA Licensed
Trademarks.

4.5 Commerce may, upon fifteen (15) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1)
UNTAA fails to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Agreement; or (2) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the
dissolution or termination of UNTAA?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of UNTAA, the
appointment of a receiver for any part of UNTAA?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors,
any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against UNTAA; or (3) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings,
whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of
UNTAA or by any governmental agency against any of UNTAA?s property.

4.6 UNTAA may, upon fifteen (15) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1)
Commerce fails to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in
this Agreement; or (2) a material adverse change occurs in Commerce?s financial condition; or (3)
commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the dissolution or
termination of Commerce?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of Commerce, the appointment
of a receiver for any part of Commerce?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of
creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by
or against Commerce; or (4) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial
proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of Commerce or by any
governmental agency against any of Commerce?s property.

4
