AMENDMENT NO 1 TO JOINT MARKETING AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT NO 1 TO JOINT MARKETING AGREEMENT (this
?Amendment?), dated as of September 7, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?), is made and entered into
by and between FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF OMAHA (?Bank?) and RUTGERS
UNIVERSITY FOUNDATION (?RUF?).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, Bank and RUF are parties to that certain Joint Marketing Agreement dated
as of June 1, 2016 (the ?Existing Agreement?); and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to add certain provisions permitting one party to audit the
other party subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth and to make such other
amendments to the Existing Agreement as are hereinafter set forth in this Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and
agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Existing Agreement. The terms and
expressions ?this document,? ?herein,? and other terms and expressions of similar import in the
Existing Agreement are hereby amended to mean the Existing Agreement as amended by this
Amendment.

z Audit, Internal Controls, Training. The Existing Agreement is hereby amended
by adding Section 11.13 and Section 11.14 to read as follows:

?11.13 Audit, Internal Controls. Upon the request of a party and at least
ten calendar days? notice and subject to Applicable Law, third party contractual
limitations and the audited party?s policies and procedures (including privacy
policies), the audited party shall supply the requesting party (including its
internal audit staff and external auditors, regulators and other representatives)
with reasonable access during normal business hours to its facilities, applicable
information and personnel and shall cooperate with the requesting party in the
conduct of reasonable audits, assessments, inspections and monitoring in order to
verify performance by the audited party with its obligations and representations
contained within this Agreement, including, without limitation, the extent to
which such party is complying with its obligations to comply with Applicable
Law and to keep Confidential Information private and secure in the manner
required by this Agreement, applicable law and the rules of the credit-card
network(s). The auditing party shall be responsible for its own expenses incurred
in connection with such audit activity. Audit results shall be considered
Confidential Information. Such audits shall be conducted at the audited party?s
relevant locations during normal business hours at times reasonably convenient
for the audited party and not unreasonably interfere with the audited party?s
normal business operations. Auditing shall include a party completing self-audit
questionnaires as requested by the other party from time to time. The parties
further agree to have in place and maintain during the term of this Agreement
industry-standard internal controls sufficient to assure that the exercise of their
rights and the performance of their obligations under this Agreement comply
with Applicable Laws, including, without limitation, applicable consumer
protection laws and that such rights and obligations will be exercised and

1
18-3938 Amendment 1 to Rutgers University Foundation JMA 8/2018
