spending through Accounts. Any such rewards program will be subject to the terms and conditions of the rewards program. FNBO may
change reward programs including the terms related thereto or revise or discontinue any such program at any time. In the event that
FNBO's regulators discontinue the rewards program in its current state, FNBO will make best efforts to replace it with a similar or better
program.

3.8 Design and Manufacture of Cards. FNBO will be responsible for the production of, and all costs related to, the manufacturing of
Cards and distribution to Cardholders. No RUF Marks shall be used on the Cards without the express approval of the RUF.

SECTION 4: TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1 Term. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive Renewal Terms unless terminated as
provided herein.

4.2 Non-Renewal. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon the expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term by giving the
other party written notice of non-renewal at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.

4.3 Termination without cause by FNBO. In the event this Agreement is terminated by FNBO other than as permitted by the provisions
of this Agreement, FNBO shall pay to RUF, as its sole remedy and notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, any
remaining Program Payments for the balance of the Term, less any remaining Program Payments already paid. By way of example, if
FNBO would terminate the Agreement without cause in the middle of the third Program Year of the Initial Term, FNBO will pay RUF
$200,000 per Program Year for the remainder of the Initial Term.

4.4 Breach. In the event that either party materially breaches this Agreement, the non-breaching party may provide notice of the breach
to the breaching party, who shall then have 30 calendar days to cure the breach. If the breach is not cured to the satisfaction of the
non-breaching party by the 30" calendar day, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement effective upon 30 calendar days?
prior written notice fo the breaching party. Material breach of this Agreement includes, without limitation: (a) the failure of a party to
materially comply with Applicable Law; (b) breach or default of any material obligation hereunder; (c) a substantial part of a party's
property is or becomes subject to a levy, seizure, assignment or sale for or by any creditor or governmental agency; (d) a party
becomes insolvent, ceases doing business, or files or has filed against it any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership or
reorganization proceeding; or (e) fraudulent activity by a party.

4.5 Adverse Impact and Requlator Directive. (a) {f any material change in Applicable Law or Network Rule significantly and adversely
impacts the Program (excluding a decrease in Interchange Income and in the Network interchange rate(s) determined and utilized by
FNBO outlined in Section 5.3) and a party desires to amend the Agreement to mitigate the effect of such impact, then the affected party
must give 30 calendar days prior written notice to the other party and provide a detailed explanation of the material change in
Applicable Law or Network Rule and evidence of the significant and adverse impact on the party as a result of such change.
Thereafter, the parties will immediately negotiate in order to amend this Agreement to mitigate any issues created by such material
change. If the parties are unable to reach agreement on such amendment within 60 calendar days after the receipt of the 30 calendar
day notice, then the affected party may terminate this Agreement by providing at least 30 days advance written notice to the other
party. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that any of FNBO's goveming regulators direct FNBO to
terminate this Agreement, FNBO may terminate this Agreement without penalty, (including but not limited to, not having to pay any
Program Payments), effective upon written notice to RUF, and termination of this Agreement in such event shall not be deemed a
breach of, or event of default under this Agreement, and a termination of the Agreement by FNBO shall not be deemed a ?Termination
without cause by FNBO" as described in Section 4.3.

4.6 Early Termination Fee. In the event that this Agreement is terminated by FNBO pursuant to Section 4.4, RUF will pay FNBO the
Early Termination Fee within thirty days after the effective date of such termination. As used in the preceding sentence, ?Early
Termination Fee? means an amount equal to the greater of (a) $10,000; or (b) the product of: (i) the number of new Accounts originated
during the 12 month period preceding the effective date of termination multiplied by (ii) $80.00 and then multiplied by (iii) the number of
years (or partial years) remaining from the effective date of termination to the end of the Initial Term.

4.7 Accounts after Termination. Termination of this Agreement for any reason will not alter or affect FNBO's ownership of and other
tights and interests in the Accounts; provided, however, by the later of the scheduled expiration of each Card or 180 calendar days
after the effective date of the termination of this Agreement, FNBO will convert such Cards to one of FNBO's proprietary cards or
terminate such Account. Until all Cards are converted to one of FNBO's proprietary cards or are terminated, the license to use RUF?s

7 mwk 6-21-16
