Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout
the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; and (7) advertising in various Foundation publications,
Foundation magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as applicable. Foundation agrees that it will obtain
prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and
content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion
of the Foundation Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by
or for Foundation in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or
undertaken pursuant to this Agreement

6.3 Foundation agrees that it must develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order
to differentiate the Foundation Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive
Benefits?), Exclusive Benefits to be offered include, but are not limited to: (1) a new Active
Accountholders activation incentive of the ?University of Vermont Coffee Table Book? throughout the
Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement; Foundation agrees to fulfill on activation
incentive with monthly list of new Active Accountholders that Commerce will provide; (2) Foundation
agrees to provide a ?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the parties (e.g. advance ticket
sales, discounts on event tickets, use of a suite at sporting event, dinner for two with a coach/athletic
director) or other tangible items to Accountholders when they qualify as an Active Accountholder or as an
engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Foundation Rewards Card once issued;
and (3) rewards points to be credited to Members Member Accounts as an exclusive benefit. These
rewards points would be purchased, from time-to-time, by Foundation from Commerce with the terms of
each such purchase to be agreed upon in writing by the parties and the purchase price deducted from
Royalties and New Account Fees due to Foundation. The parties agree that implementation and
administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in advance by both
parties. Foundation agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process for awarding rewards points,
will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to a Member by Foundation.
Commerce and Foundation agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and offered in the future
as Foundation Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program by generating new
Member participation and provide an increase in Foundation Rewards Card usage. Any change in the
Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, Foundation shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Rewards Card.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Foundation shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Foundation, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Foundation shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Foundation and, if requested by Commerce, Foundation shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Foundation Licensed Trademarks
