media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by Association, whether in a tangible
or electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed,

Part C:_General Provisions

9,14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Article, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other rights
and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to breach
this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
?remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 (a) Association hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attomey fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct
of Association, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by Association of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or
potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify Association
thereof in writing. Association shall, at all times, have sole contro! over the defense, negotiation, settlement,
and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such
claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. Association shall cause Commerce
to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Association and
their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct
of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-performance
by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim
covered by this indemnification provision, Association shall promptly notify Commerce thereof in writing,
Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy
of any claim or suit. Association shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with
separate counsel, but at Associations? own expense. Commerce shall cause Association to be kept fully
apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 Association agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any and
all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or sale of
the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim? means any
claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent, copyright,
trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs, expenses,
damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced damages,
attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney fees and

3]

