ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 NDSU AA expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, U.S.A. and
agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 NDSU AA represents that it has secured the rights from North Dakota State University of the
Licensed Trademarks (see Attachment D) as hereafter described in Article 7 and that it presently has the
exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed Trademarks for the uses and purposes
contemplated by this Agreement; further, NDSU AA represents that Commerce may regard this
representation as a continuing representation by NDSU AA of its exclusive authority to authorize the use
of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks
developed or created by NDSU AA during the Term of this Agreement. NDSU AA agrees to provide, if
requested, written evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such
trademarks as NDSU AA intends to use in conjunction with the NDSU AA Visa Card and of any
trademark rights notices required when such trademarks are used.

2.3, NDSU AA represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by NDSU AA will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 NDSU AA represents that disclosure by NDSU AA to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to NDSU AA Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by NDSU AA of such information. NDSU AA
further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such
member information, including but not limited to, names, addresses for the uses and purposes
contemplated herein.

2.5 NDSU AA agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and
permitted the non-exclusive use of approved, specified, NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks in order to
provide the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card, the Services and any Enhancements thereto and for no other
purposes except as provided in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval,
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from NDSU AA for the
specific use of the NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks on the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card, the Services
and any Enhancements. NDSU AA shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services
provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the
quality of goods and services provided under the NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with
the usage previously approved by NDSU AA pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with NDSU
AA?s industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate with NDSU AA in facilitating NDSU
AA?s control of the nature and quality of goods and services provided under the NDSU AA Licensed
Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and NDSU AA each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during
the Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under
2
