approved marketing materials. NDSU AA acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Commerce
may only be used for NDSU AA?s authorized activities under this Agreement, and NDSU AA agrees that
such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist NDSU AA in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.7 Upon termination of this Agreement, NDSU AA shall cease to use the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. NDSU AA agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Commerce Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, NDSU AA shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Commerce?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices, checks or records of any Commerce customer existing as of the effective date of
termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, NDSU AA agrees that it will no
longer publish, distribute or authorize the use of any marketing or other material bearing any Commerce
Trademark. NDSU AA agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect Commerce?s ownership of any of the rights in the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. NDSU AA understands and agrees that its use of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks shall
inure to Commerce?s exclusive benefit and that NDSU AA will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use
NDSU AA may make of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this
Agreement.

7.8 NDSU AA agrees that all uses of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks shall bear such
proprietary trademark rights notices of Commerce as the Commerce may reasonable direct. All rights not
specifically granted by Commerce are reserved.

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 Both parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Term of this
Agreement; and each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary Property developed by the
other party during the Term of this Agreement shall, at all times be considered, held and included in the
collective definition of Proprietary Property and will be owned by and remain the Proprietary Property of
the other party during the term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter. Except as otherwise
specifically provided in this paragraph, each party will at all times, both during and after the Term of this
Agreement, retain sole right, title and interest in and to all Proprietary Property created by it prior to
entering into or during the Term of this Agreement.

8.2 With respect to the Proprietary Property of the other party, each party agrees: (1) certain
portions of the Proprietary Property are confidential and agrees to protect the confidentiality of all such
Proprietary Property of the other party in its possession as Confidential Information; (2) it will not
disseminate any Proprietary Property without the written authorization of the other party except in order
to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement; (3) it will not remove or alter any copyright, trademark or
other proprietary rights notice from any materials furnished to it in connection with this Agreement; (4) to
promptly advise the other party in writing of any misappropriation or misuse by any person of any
Proprietary Property that may come to its attention and agrees that it shall reasonably cooperate with the
other party to regain possession of any Proprietary Property or prevent the further unauthorized use of
such Proprietary Property; (5) not to use the Proprietary Property for its own use or for any purpose other
than to perform the terms of this Agreement; (6) to include, as appropriate, any and all copyright,

9
