means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3. University shali have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the University Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, University agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the University Visa Rewards Card to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that University will not enter into any agreements which will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available,
to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor
enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement
for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To University at:
Seattle University
901 12" Avenue
Seattle, Washington 98122
Attention: Susan Vosper, Assistant Vice President, Alumni Relations

With a copy to:

Seattle University

901 12" Avenue

Seattle, Washington 98122

Attention: Mary Petersen, Vice President and University Counsel

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
