AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into
as of the Act day of April 2014 (the ?Effective Date?), by and between The University of Montana
Alumni Association ("UMAA"), a Non-Profit Corporation organized in the State of Montana, and
Commerce Bank ("Commerce"), a Missouri bank and trust company.

WHEREAS, UMAA and Commerce desire to make available to the UMAA community
(membership, employees, friends, trustees, officers, faculty, coaches and staff), (hereinafter referred to
collectively as ?Members?), a Visa credit card and other financial services upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, UMAA and Commerce desire that the marketing plans for the Visa credit card
using UMAA Licensed Trademarks to be developed by the parties as hereinafter set forth will accomplish
the respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed by the parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE 1. Services

1.1. Commerce shall open revolving credit accounts (?'UMAA Accounts") and issue Visa
Commerce Cards ("UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card") to individual Members of UMAA whose
applications have been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and whose credit has been approved
by Commerce and to whom a credit card has been issued (individually, an ?Accountholder? and
collectively "Accountholders"). The UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card shall be issued in accordance
with the specifications generally described in Attachment "A" and as developed during the Initial Term
and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Commerce will not solicit,
nor is it under any obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United States of
America or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during the Initial Term
or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or detrimentally affecting the
solicitation of credit card accounts or the terms and conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of
other financial services, all as determined by Commerce in its sole discretion.

1.2 The UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card shall be customized to include, as provided in this
Agreement, UMAA?s Licensed Trademarks as the parties may jointly agree in writing to utilize them on
said cards from time-to-time.

1.3. Commerce agrees that all uses of UMAA?s Licensed Trademarks on the UMAA Visa
Signature Rewards Card will bear proprietary trademark rights notices of UMAA as UMAA may
reasonably direct.

1.4 UMAA understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any credit relationship
between the Accountholders and Commerce will be governed by a Cardholder Agreement.

1.5 UMAA understands and agrees that Commerce may from time-to-time during the Initial

Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill or
complete its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements
