Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, Association Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the Association
Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any
Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and Association as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3 Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders financial services and products and to refer to the existence of the Association Visa
Rewards Card in connection therewith, which reference may include depictions of the Association Visa
Rewards Card or the Association Licensed Trademarks subject however to the provisions of Article 9,
below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Association Visa
Rewards Card through commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense, but not limited
to: (1) e-mail on an annual basis to all Association Members promoting the Association Visa Rewards
Card and its benefits; (2) the prominent placement of internet advertisements and Web links on the
official Association internet website in order to direct applicants to a Association Visa Rewards Card
application internet Web page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial
Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Association Visa Rewards
Card once issued; (4) distribution of Association Visa Rewards Card solicitation materials and
applications to potential Accountholders through, but not limited to, the new Member benefit welcome
package, Member benefit renewal package and on social media and web advertising; and (5) advertising
in various Association publications, magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as applicable. Association
agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials,
including the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized,
relating to the promotion of the Association Visa Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo,
trademarks, etc.) developed by or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing
is contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

6.2. Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Association Visa Rewards Card.

6.3 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those

6
