h. ACU shall be responsible for complying with any obligations imposed upon

' licensees or sublicensees in connection with the Trademarks provided that notice
of such obligations is given to ACU prior to the Effective Date. ACU shall be
responsible for complying with all applicable federal, state and local laws and
regulations.

i. ACU has taken such steps as are necessary to obtain rights to the ACU
Trademarks. ACU hereby grants NAAUA a limited, exclusive license to use the
ACU Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Affinity Credit Card Program,
including the promotion thereof. NAAUA acknowledges and agrees that
NAAUA\'s rights in the ACU Trademarks are non-exclusive and are granted
subject to any limitations specified in this Agreement. This license shall be
transferred upon a permitted assignment of this Agreement. This license shall
remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the ACU
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such ACU Trademarks by operation
of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization or
individual. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits ACU from granting to
other persons a license or sublicense to use the ACU Trademarks.

j. Upon request, ACU shall permit NAAUA to provide advertisements to be
inserted in Affinity Credit Card Program card accountholder statements up to four
(4) times per 12-month period; providing that such advertisements are tasteful and
appropriate, meet technical production specifications that may change from time
to time, and comply in all respects with all federal, state, local laws, rules, and
regulations regarding such products and/or services, and advertisements of such
products and/or services. NAAUA acknowledges and agrees to pay all costs of
production, shipping, insertion and mailing.

k. If possible and otherwise permitted by law, ACU shall permit NAAUA to insert
messages in monthly Affinity Credit Card account statements to Members
enrolled in the Affinity Credit Card Program.

1. Up to two times in each Term year, NAAUA may request from ACU a list of
Members enrolled in the Affinity Credit Card Program. To the extent allowed by
law, such list will contain the Member?s full name, address, telephone and e-mail
(in a format designated by NAAUA and reasonably agreed upon by NAAUA and
ACU).

4. Royalties. As consideration for the rights granted to ACU by NAAUA and for the
responsibilities of NAAUA to ACU in this Agreement, ACU shall annually pay the
amounts calculated in Exhibit B. ACU shall not be liable for any other royalty payments
or licensing fees of any kind in regard to this Agreement.

a. Reports. On or before the forty-fifth (45") day after the end of each Term Year
quarter during the term of this Agreement, ACU shall provide NAAUA with a
statement showing the number of Credit Accounts opened, the number of active
Credit Accounts, and the Transaction Volume, made during the preceding Term
Year quarter. In addition, ACU will provide monthly statistics about the
performance of the Affinity Credit Card Program, as available.

Page 7 of 16

?? Ce
