need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers from being used or
disclosed other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures,
safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer Information.

9.12 SMU agrees to notify Commerce immediately upon discovery of any loss, unauthorized use
or improper disclosure of Confidential Customer Information and to notify Commerce of any demand,
including any form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or disclosure of any
Confidential Customer Information.

9.13 SMU agrees that Commerce has the right to periodically review the security measures
employed by SMU to determine or verify SMU?s compliance with its obligations under this Agreement
and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief, to enforce the
provisions hereof.

9.14 SMU agrees to indemnify Commerce from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, asserted against or incurred
by, Commerce or for which Commerce is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure
of Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of SMU.

9.15 When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of
this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, SMU agree to either return to Commerce the
media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by SMU, whether in a tangible or
electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 SMU hereby agrees to indemnify Commerce and to hold Commerce harmless from and
against any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of SMU, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by SMU of its obligations under this Agreement or from claims relating to the use by
Commerce of the SMU Licensed Trademarks. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim
covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify SMU thereof in writing.
SMU shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of
any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with
separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. SMU shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised
of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 Commerce hereby agrees to indemnify SMU and to hold SMU harmless from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a
claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, SMU shall promptly notify Commerce
thereof in writing. Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation,
settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. SMU shall be entitled to participate in the defense of
such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at SMU's own expense. Commerce shall cause SMU to be

10
