the next annual anniversary of the Effective Date) multiplied by the MasterCard net interchange
rate multiplied by the total of Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of
open, non-Statused Member Accounts. If a reduction occurs to the MasterCard net interchange
rate outlined in this section, Commerce will notify Associations of the change within thirty (30)
days and provide an explanation of how the new rate was computed.

Percentage of MasterCard net
interchange rate

Bi
=i [as
n= oo
a

Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in dispute are deducted from Accountholder total
purchase volume to reach ?Net Merchandise Purchases.? ?Merchandise Purchases? refers to
transactions for goods or services, and excludes cash advances and quasi-cash transactions, such
as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks, convenience checks, wire transfers, money orders,
balance transfers and gaming chips or fees or premiums for coverage or insurance to Protect the
balances of an Accountholder?s account. As used in this Agreement, a ?Statused? account is one
that is Jost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed, bankrupt, charged-off, over-limit and/or delinquent.

2. New Account Fee. In return for Associations providing Commerce the promotional
opportunities provided on Attachment C, Commerce shall pay Associations for each new Member
Account opened via the promotional opportunities and Active (an ?Active? account is one that is newly
opened and activated, that is, a Member Account on which a Member initiated debit transaction, i.e., a
purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or convenience check occurs within ninety (90) days of account
opening), compensation (?New Account Fee?) of fifty dollars ($50.00) for each Active Member Account.

a. Commerce and each Association may jointly agree upon account marketing channels
from time-to-time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but
not limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to Associations for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole discretion, if
the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for any three (3)
consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval rate is the number
of all applications which are approved for a Member Account, using Commerce?s normal credit
approval processes, divided by the total number of applications received through the respective
channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due Associations for newly activated Member Accounts
acquired by Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
