AFFINITY AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) entered into by and between THE
NATIONAL ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA, an Alabama
nonprofit corporation having a place of business in Tuscaloosa, Alabama (?NAAUA?) and
ALABAMA CREDIT UNION, an Alabama state chartered credit union having a place of
business at 220 Paul Bryant Drive East, Tuscaloosa, Alabama 35401 (?ACU?) is effective as of
August 1, 2015 (the ?Effective Date?),

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants and
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, NAAUA and ACU
mutually covenant, warrant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. The following terms (including both the singular and plurals thereof) shall
have the following meanings unless the context indicates otherwise:

a. ?ACU Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo,

"service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark owned or acquired by ACU.

b. ?Affinity Credit Card Program? means, except as expressly excluded or limited
elsewhere herein, credit card programs, charge card programs, or other credit
charge program.

c. "Credit Account" means a credit account opened by a Member in direct or
indirect response to marketing efforts made pursuant to this Agreement, which
incorporates the Trademarks. Whether ACU issues a single and/or multiple credit
cards or other access devices or identifiers on a Credit Account, each account will
be counted as one (1) Credit Account.

d. ?Direct Promotion Events? means tabling and postering for the Program at an
event as provided in Section 2(i).

e. ?Event of Insolvency? means anytime in which a Party (i) become insolvent, (ii)
make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) call a meeting of its
creditors, (iv) is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation.

f. ?Financial Service Products" means, except as expressly excluded or limited
elsewhere herein, credit card programs, charge card programs, debit card
programs, other credit, charge, debit or financial service related payment
programs or devices, with or without a card or other identifying instrument,
installment loan programs, revolving loan programs, deposit programs, travel and
entertainment card or non-card programs, financial planning programs, trust
programs and commercial lending programs. This definition shall not include a
discount hotel/airline-only program offered to Members.

g. "Mailing Lists" means, to the extent available, NAAUA's updated and current
lists of alumni of The University of Alabama (the ?University?), non-alumni
members of the University, members of the Future Alumni for Traditional and
Excellence, , and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to by NAAUA
and ACU (in a format designated by ACU and reasonably agreed upon by
NAAUA and ACU) containing, if available,the names, addresses, and campus
attending or attended, of any Member and, to the extent available and permissibly
disclosed, any and all of the following information as requested by ACU: email or

Page 1 of 16__.. .

ne

