Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4.3, Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any Rewards Card issued before such
termination may continue to be held and used by Accountholders until the stated expiration date of those
credit cards.

4.4 In the event of termination of this Agreement, all Member Accounts shall remain the
exclusive property of Commerce, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation
on part of Commerce to pay Royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the
transfer of the Member Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit and offer credit card accounts or other
financial services to Accountholders.

4.5 Hither party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1) a
party fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in
this Agreement and fails to remedy or cure such material term, obligation, covenant or condition within
thirty (30) calendar days following written notice to such party stating, with particularity and in
reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach; or (2) a material adverse change occurs in the other
party?s financial condition; or (3) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is
begun for the dissolution or termination of a party?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of a
party, the appointment of a receiver for any part of a party?s property, the assignment for the benefit of
creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against a party; or (4) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings,
whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a
party or by any governmental agency against any of a party?s property.

4.6 If, during the Initial Term, Association receives, accepts and enters into contract in the
nature of a royalty payment agreement for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit
card accounts with any other company, Association may terminate this agreement upon providing ninety
(90) days written notice to Commerce and evidence of such guaranteed contract. Upon such termination
pursuant to this paragraph, Association agrees to pay Commerce a refund of: (1) the unearned portion of
the Initial Advance (as defined in Attachment B); and (2) a one hundred thousand dollar ($100,000) early
termination fee. Association shall pay such uneamed portion of the Advance and early termination fee to
Commerce within thirty (30) days after the termination and receipt of an invoice from Commerce.

ARTICLE 5. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) Commerce agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to Association
Accountholders which shall include the minimum MasterCard standards for product enhancements
associated with the MasterCard product category, including but not limited to, Travel Accident Insurance,
Zero Liability Insurance, Emergency Card Replacement, Warranty Manager Service, and Price Protection
(collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be available only for such period of time as the related
services are available to Commerce and its cardholders from third party processors and providers.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to cancellation or change by
Commerce at any time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the right to add, delete, modify
or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such Enhancements from time-to-time
during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that from
time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to the Accountholders are provided
by third parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements, including the availability and cost

5
