3.2 Commerce shall provide Association with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient detail
such information regarding the Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the amount of
Compensation earned by Association according to the rates, terms and provisions of Attachment ?B?.
Association understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated based upon dates or time
periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through normal accounting
cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the particular transaction giving
rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

3.3 Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation due to Association.
Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and maintained for at
least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. Association shall have the right, upon written
notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of Commerce and at Commerce?s
offices in Kansas City, Missouri, to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and records, and all such
other papers and files of Commerce relating to the performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or
prohibited by law or regulation.

3.4. No Compensation shall be earned by Association as of and after the effective date of
termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Compensation earned prior to such termination shall be
payable to Association as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 Association agrees to review the monthly statements of Compensation earned provided to it
by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation, reporting or
payment of Compensation and, in no event, later than one (1) year after the date of such statement. Failure
to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the monthly statement is a presumption that
such statement is correct. Association understands and acknowledges that Commerce loses the ability to
completely reconstruct transactions afler twelve (12) months from the date of the transaction, including an
inability to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability to reconstruct transactions may
impede an audit should Association elect to perform such an audit from time-to-time. Association agrees
that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve supporting documentation after
twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in and of itself, be a basis upon which
Association can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Compensation.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow Association, at its expense, to audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Compensation due Association. A
copy of any audit performed by Association will be furnished to Commerce upon its request. If any audit
performed by Association, or on Associations behalf, identifies an overpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Association agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit Commerce to reduce
the amount of future Compensation payments to recoup the amount of the overpayment or if any audit
performed by Association, or on Associations behalf, identifies an underpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Commerce agrees to reimburse Association the amount of the underpayment.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4.1 The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until

June 30, 2026 (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it shall

automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless either party

notifies the other in writing at least nin?ty (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this
4
