ATTACHMENT ?B?
COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay Association Compensation as follows:

1.

Royalty fees:

a. For the period commencing on the Effective Date and continuing to the second annual
anniversary of the Effective Date, a royalty fee (?Royalty?) will be paid which is equivalent to the
product of 13.5% of Commerce?s most recently calculated Visa net interchange rate for the
Rewards Card multiplied by the total of Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the
use of open, non-Statused Member Accounts (as of the Effective Date, equivalent to twenty-five
cents ($.25) per one hundred dollars ($100.00) of Net Merchandise Purchases);

b. For the period commencing on the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date and on each
subsequent annual anniversary of the Effective Date thereafter, a Royalty will be paid based upon
the percentage set forth in the table below corresponding to the Annual Net Merchandise Purchases
on Member Accounts for the preceding twelve (12) months (which percentage will be fixed until
the next annual anniversary of the Effective Date) multiplied by the total of Net Merchandise
Purchases generated each month by the use of open, non-Statused Member Accounts:

| Annual Net Merchandise Purchases | Percentage of Visa net interchange
$0 | - | $14,999,999 13.5%
$15,000,000 | - | $29,999,999 16.2%
$30,000,000 | - | $49,999,999 18.9%
21.6%

$50,000,000 | +

The Visa net interchange rate is an internal rate calculated by Commerce for each rewards card
program based upon Visa net interchange income for each rewards card program as related to all
accountholder total purchase volume for each rewards card program, with such rate generally re-
calculated each January 1 and July 1. Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in dispute are
deducted from Accountholder total purchase volume to reach ?Net Merchandise
Purchases.? ?Merchandise Purchases? refers to transactions for goods or services, and excludes
cash advances and quasi-cash transactions, such as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks,
convenience checks, wire transfers, money orders, balance transfers and gaming chips or fees or
premiums for coverage or insurance to protect the balances of an Accountholder?s account. As
used in this Agreement, a ?Statused? account is one that is lost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed,
bankrupt, charged-off, over-limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay Association for each new Association Account opened and Active (an
?Active? account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, an Association Account on
which a Member initiated debit transaction, i.e., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or
convenience check occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New
Account Fee?) of thirty-five dollars ($35.00) for each Active Association Account.

a. Commerce and Association may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not limited
to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other marketing

15
