FNBO; and (c) perform or participate in up to 8 direct mail solicitations or e-mail solicitations during each Program Year, with at least 4
of those solicitations being direct mail solicitations. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, FNBO may terminate this
Agreement without any cost or penalty if RUF has not provided all necessary cooperation, materials and support, as determined by
FNBO in its sole discretion, to enable the launch of this Program within one hundred eighty (180) days of the Effective Date of this
Agreement.

2.6 Electronic Mail Messages. RUF agrees, acknowledges, represents, and warrants that for all commercial electronic mail messages
that RUF sends advertising, promoting, or sponsoring the Program, RUF shall: (a) comply with all requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act;
(b) be and serve as the ?designated sender? for purposes of the CAN-SPAM Act for any commercial electronic mail message that
promotes or advertises RUF's, RUAA's or Rutgers products, services or internet website in addition to the Program, and (c) fulfill all
requirements and obligations under the CAN-SPAM Act necessary for RUF's classification as the ?designated sender? of such
commercial electronic mail messages.

2.7 Applications, FNBO agrees to process all applications from Members submitted on FNBO's approved forms or through FNBO
approved channels. All decisions regarding the approval of applications will be made in FNBO?s sole and absolute discretion and RUF
has no power or authority to bind FNBO to approve applications or establish Accounts. RUF shall not impose any fees whatsoever on
applicants for Accounts or Cardholders. RUF will forward to FNBO all applications within three Business Days following RUF's receipt
of any application.

2.8 Marketing Materials. FNBO may make available Marketing Materials for display at Rutgers Alumni Relations current and future
office locations. Marketing Materials under the Program shall be created and approved by FNBO and will contain RUF Marks. FNBO
agrees to provide to RUF through its Portal (or other means) any Marketing Materials containing RUF Marks for RUF's approval (such
approval not be to unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). RUF will provide its approval or reasonable objection to such
Marketing Materials through the FNBO Portal (or other means) within 10 Business Days after receipt of such Marketing Materials. If
RUF fails to respond through the FNBO Portal or via e-mail within such ten Business Day period, then RUF shall be deemed to have
granted an approval. If RUF objects to or proposes changes, then FNBO will make such changes that are acceptable to FNBO and
tesubmit to RUF through the Portal (or other means) for RUF's approval. Upon resubmission, RUF shal} have five Business Days to
review and if FNBO does not received approval or denial through the Portal or via e-mail within such five Business Day period, then the
use of such Marketing Materials shall be deemed approved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to Section 2.2(g), and for clarity,
the terms, conditions, cardmember agreements, agreements, servicing materials, disclosures, notices, Cardholder correspondence,
statements, rewards program materials, ancillary product materials and any other materials associated with Accounts and the Program
in any form or medium will not be subject to RUF review. RUF shall nat create, disseminate or use any Marketing Materials, materials
Promoting the Program or other Program materials without the approval and express prior written consent of FNBO as to the form,
content, process and use.

2.9 Exclusivity. During the Term, RUF shall not, by itself or through its Affiliates or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, offer,
endorse, promote or enter into any agreement with others for the provision of, or otherwise make available, any credit cards, charge
cards, or related products or services. The foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit RUF from providing Members with any other
endorsed financial services product including, but not limited to, debit cards, gift cards, DDA accounts, unsecured lines of credit, wealth
management products, tax advisory services, auto loans, personal loans, smart phones payment devices, home equity and mortgages,
money market accounts, brokerage services, well-being products and insurance products. Following the termination of this Agreement,
RUF may offer Members the opportunity to participate in another affinity credit card program that RUF endorses; provided, however,
that RUF does not make such offer only to Cardholders sooner than one year after the termination date of the Agreement, but rather
makes such offer as a part of a general solicitation to substantially all of its Members and provided further that no Cardholders are
directly or indirectly identified as Cardholders or offered incentives different from that offered to substantially all other Members. in the
event that RUF terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.4, RUF may offer Members the opportunity to participate in another
affinity credit card program that RUF endorses without waiting one year after the termination date of the Agreement.

2.10 License. FNBO acknowledges that Rutgers has provided RUF with a non-exclusive and, limited, royalty-free license, pursuant to
the terms of a license agreement between the RUF and Rutgers. Rutgers hereby grants to FNBO for the Term (and for such additional
period as is detailed in this Agreement) a non-exclusive and, limited, royalty-free sublicense, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
to use the RUF Marks for Program purposes including use by FNBO and its Subcontractors. RUF will provide FNBO with print-ready
artwork of the RUF Marks and will make best efforts to provide them in accordance with FNBO's specifications for use in the Program.
RUF will not use any references to FNBO, Accounts, Cards, card related products or services or the Program without FNBO's prior
written authorization (including email) and FNBO's approval of the form, content, specifications and quality thereof.

Ee] mwk 6-21-16
