ATTACHMENT ?B?
ROYALTY COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay UNTAA compensation as follows:

1.

A royalty fee (?Royalty?) equivalent to 13.5% of the then-current Visa net interchange rate for all
Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open, non-Statused UNTAA
Accounts of twenty five (25) basis points (equivalent to twenty-five cents ($.25) per one hundred
dollars ($100.00) at the Visa interchange rate as of December 31, 2012). The Royalty fee will be
adjusted semi-annually on each January 1 and July 1 for any change in the Visa net interchange
rate. The Visa net interchange rate is an internal rate calculated by Commerce for each rewards
card program based upon Visa interchange income for each rewards card program as related to all
accountholder total purchase volume for each rewards card program. Merchandise retums,
credits and amounts in dispute are deducted from Accountholder total pu chase volume to reach
?Net Merchandise Purchases.? ?Merchandise Purchases? refers to transactions for goods or
services, and excludes cash advances and quasi-cash transactions, such as, but not limited to,
traveler?s checks, convenience checks, wire transfers, money orders, balance transfers and
gaming chips. As used in this Agreement, a ?Statused? account is one that is lost, stolen, credit-
revoked, closed, bankrupt, charged-off, over-limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay UNTAA a fee for each new UNTAA Account opened and Active (an
?Active? account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, a UNTAA Account on which
a Member initiated debit transaction, ie., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or
convenience check occurs within ninety (90) days of account opening), compensation (?New
Account Fee?) of thirty five dollars ($35.00) for each Active UNTAA Account.

a. Commerce and UNTAA may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to UNTAA for accounts produced through
such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole discretion, if the
average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for any three (3)
consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval rate is the
number of all applications which are approved for a UNTAA Account, using Commerce?s
normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications received through
the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due UNTAA for newly activated UNTAA Accounts acquired by
Commerce direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch advertisements/solicitations or
through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to UNTAA for an UNTAA Account
booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a UNTAA Visa
Rewards Card as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud,
violations of any Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect to
the credit card account.

As an Advance against the combination of Royalties and New Account Fees anticipated to be
earned by UNTAA during the Initial Term of this Agreement, Commerce will pay UNTAA an

15
