15. Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of either party to insist, in any one or more instances,
on the performance of any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver
or relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance of any such term
or condition, and the obligations of the non-performing party with respect thereto shall continue
in full force and effect.

16. | Assignment and Sublicensing.

(a) This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written
consent from the other party, of which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(b) IB may sublicense and delegate all or part of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement, including without limitation, the rights granted under this Agreement in the Marks and
Lists, which sublicense and delegation may include performance of IB and its sublicensee under
their agreement. Group will not be a beneficiary of or have any rights under the agreement between
IB and its sublicensee, and Group will look solely to IB, including without limitation, for the
payment of any Royalties, and IB will be solely responsible for any breach of this Agreement
caused by IB?s sublicensee.

17. Account Terms. All account terms and conditions, including but not limited to, annual
percentage rate, annual fee, and other fees, will be determined by IB in its sole discretion.

18. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall, for any reason, be
deemed to be invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect.

19. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.

20. | Merchant Services. IB has the right to bid for merchant services provided to the Group.

21. Procurement Card Services. IB has the right to bid for commercial procurement card
services provided to the Group.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

The Alumni Association of Ball State University

Jen aos naa dent ~

10
