DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

f) Except for Excluded Damages, nothing contained herein shall limit the remedies
available to either KUAA or IB, including seeking monetary or equitable relief, in the event of a
termination due to a violation of subparagraphs (b) or (c) above.

11. Exclusivity. Except as otherwise provided herein, during the term of this Agreement, (a)
IB shall have the exclusive right to market and issue credit and debit cards bearing or using the
Marks, and (b) KUAA agrees that it shall not by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly, or through any parent, affiliate or subsidiary, offer to endorse, or enter into any
agreement with any other provider for the issuance or provision of any credit or charge card or
debit card bearing the Marks to Members. Such credit or debit cards mean any credit or debit card
associated with any card network, including but are not limited to, MasterCard, Visa, American
Express, and Discover. Provided, however, this exclusivity shall not apply to debit card services
in conjunction with University?s Student/Staff ID cards and any agreement entered into by the
University or its affiliates by which its visual identity program marks, specifically ?KU? and ?The
University of Kansas,? are used on official business procurement cards, or on prepaid debit cards
issued to research participants or University faculty/staff traveling to certain international
destinations, which cards may include MasterCard or Visa logos thereon. For purposes of
foregoing, the University?s Student/Staff ID cards will not contain a MasterCard, Visa, Discover,
or American Express logo thereon.

12. Non-Competition. With respect to all Accounts established pursuant to this Agreement,
KUAA agrees that neither KUAA nor any entity which KUAA controls shall by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of one (1) year following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, specifically
make any offer of a credit or debit card or related services uniquely tailored for and limited to the
individuals possessing an Account. The parties agree this non-competition clause, following
termination of this Agreement, shall not prohibit KUAA and/or credit card provider with which it
may contract from making any general offer for a credit or debit card or related services to all of
its Members, which may include individuals with an Account, so long as such offer is not uniquely
tailored for and limited to individuals possessing an Account.

13. Notices. Any and all notices of other communications required or permitted under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered either by personal delivery; by nationally
recognized overnight courier service; or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
addressed as follows:

If to IB, to:
INTRUST Bank, N.A.
Consumer Banking Division
P.O. Box One
Wichita, KS 67201
Attention: Managing Director
