DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

KUAA related to the dollar value of any chargebacks, refunds, purchase returns, or credits for
purchases including within Net Sales in prior periods and not otherwise off-set by IB.

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, the royalty payment is for the use of the Marks in
connection with the marketing, issuing and servicing of all Cards, but the royalty payment is
calculated solely upon the interchange income as defined in paragraph (a) above which is generated
by the Credit Card program.

6. Relationship. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to constitute or
establish an agency, joint venture, partnership or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and
neither party shall have the right or authority to act for or on behalf of the other party.

7. Confidentiality. For the term of this Agreement and or a period of one (1) year following
its termination for any reason whatsoever, IB and KUAA (including their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, and assigns) shall keep confidential any and all information obtained
from the other party concerning the assets, properties, business services, clients, trade secrets,
organizational structure, philosophy, objectives, marketing plans and materials, financial plans and
results and other information relating to the other party (the ?Confidential Information?), and shall
not use such information (including without limitation this Agreement) for any purpose other than
that purpose contemplated under this Agreement. Each party acknowledges the importance of
maintaining the security and confidentiality of Confidential Information and agrees to take
whatever measures are necessary to prevent the unauthorized or inadvertent transfer, disclosure,
access or use of the other party?s Confidential Information to or by any third party. Each party
agrees to ensure that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are adhered to by all persons who
have access to the other party?s Confidential Information through such party at any time, including
employees, agents, and sublicensees. Each party shall be responsible for breaches of
confidentiality by its own employees, agents and other parties who gain access to information
through such recipient party. Each party further agrees that if any of the other party?s Confidential
Information is disclosed by the recipient party?s employees, agents, or sublicensees in violation of
this Agreement, such recipient party will notify the disclosing party in writing of the unauthorized
misrepresentation, disclosure or use and take all steps, at its own expense, reasonably necessary to
enforce and to protect the disclosing party from additional disclosure and to remedy such
misrepresentation, disclosure or use. The term Confidential Information, as used herein, does not
include any information that (i) was lawfully in a party?s possession prior to any disclosure by or
on behalf of the other party, or (ii) becomes lawfully available to a party provided that the source
of such information was not bound by a confidentiality agreement with or for the benefit of the
other party, or (iii) is generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure in
violation of this Agreement. Confidential Information shall be disclosed only to those parties that
are actively and directly participating in the Affinity Program and who need to know such
Confidential Information for the purpose of executing the Affinity Program, and each party shall
use best efforts to inform the receiving party of the confidential nature of such Confidential
Information and directed to keep such Information confidential. However, no party hereto shall be
obligated to keep confidential any information which: (i) was marked by the other party ?not
confidential,? (ii) was in the possession of the receiving party prior to this Agreement; (iii) was
lawfully obtained from a third party; or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable legal
and/or regulatory requirements.
