DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

(d) Subject to the foregoing, KUAA is and shall remain the owner or licensee of all
rights in and to the Lists. Any and all rights to KUAA?s Lists not herein specifically granted and
licensed to IB are reserved to KUAA. Except as otherwise specifically provided for in Paragraph
10(e) hereof, upon the termination of this Agreement, all rights conveyed by KUAA to IB with
respect to the use of KUAA?s Lists shall cease, and all such rights shall revert to KUAA. Upon
termination of this Agreement, IB shall have no further right to market its Card products using the
KUAA Lists, and IB shall return or certify destruction of same.

3. Offering of Cards by IB. IB may offer Cards to Members in accordance with the following
provisions:

(a) Subject to subparagraph (c) of this Paragraph 3, IB may, at its own expense, design
and develop Cards along with such marketing, promotion and solicitation materials as it deems
appropriate to promote the Affinity Program among Members, and the KUAA shall not
unreasonably impede IB with the administration of such activities. IB shall schedule and direct the
solicitation of KUAA Members. IB reserves the right to limit its solicitation materials to those
persons determined in IB?s and its sublicensee?s discretion, including without limitation, those
persons deemed by it to be creditworthy in accordance with IB?s and/or its sublicensee?s normal
credit criteria and practices.

(b) Subject to subparagraph (c) of this Paragraph 3 and all applicable federal, state and
local laws and any other applicable industry rules and regulations, all approved accounts shall
receive Credit Cards and/or Debit Cards, as may be applicable issued by IB. KUAA shall have the
right to review the use of the Marks on the Cards for the sole purpose of protecting the goodwill
associated with the Marks, such approval may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Except as
expressly allowed herein, KUAA shall have no other right to design or participate in the design of
the Cards.

(c) IB shall submit to KUAA, for its prior approval, samples of all Cards and all
acquisition marketing, promotional, or solicitation materials, printed or otherwise, which IB
intends to utilize to promote the Affinity Program among Members, including promotional
merchandise which may or may not bear the Marks used to incent individuals to apply for Cards.
KUAA shall review such materials and respond to IB?s request for approval on a timely basis. In
addition, approval by KUAA of any marketing materials submitted by IB for review shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. If a response has not been received within fifteen (15) Business
Days (any day in which IB is open for business), the submission will be deemed approved. KUAA
shall review such materials only to protect the goodwill associated with the Marks. Once approved,
IB has no obligation to submit the same or similar materials for KUAA?s approval. IB further
reserves the right to communicate non-marketing information to the cardmember, which it
normally sends its other cardmembers, and that utilizes KUAA?s name or logo, without having to
obtain the approval of KUAA. If IB wishes to promote other financial products to KUAA
Members using KUAA?s endorsement, name or logo or promote financial products to KUAA
member using the mailing lists as provided by KUAA, IB will obtain prior approval for such use
of the lists. IB acknowledges that promotion of other such financial products may require payment
of an additional royalty beyond the costs set forth in Paragraph 5.
