DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

AFFINITY ROYALTY LICENSING AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, to be effective the Ist day of October, 2020 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and between The Kansas University Alumni Association, a not-for-profit association having its
principal office at the Adams Alumni Center, 1266 Oread Avenue, Lawrence, Kansas 66045
(?KUAA?) and INTRUST Bank, N.A., a national association, having its principal offices at 105
N. Main, Wichita, Kansas 67202 (?IB?).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, IB desires to make available its consumer and business credit card(s) and
consumer debit cards issued in association with various card networks of IB?s choosing from time
to time, which may include Visa, MasterCard, and American Express, convenience checks, and
related services (hereinafter referred to as ?Credit Card(s),? ?Debit Card(s),? or collectively
?Card(s)?) to the KUAA?s constituency, which includes alumni, officers, directors, employees,
friends, faculty, staff members, and other individuals related to The University of Kansas and
KUAA (?Members?); and

WHEREAS, KUAA is willing to allow IB to use certain of KUAA?s proprietary
intellectual property for IB?s offering of Cards to and among the Members subject to the terms and
conditions hereinafter contained.

AGREEMENT:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. License to Use Marks.

(a) During the term of this Agreement, IB shall have the right and license to use the
current and future respective name, mascot, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, logos, and film
or likenesses of mascot of the KUAA or to which the KUAA has rights (collectively the ?Marks?)
solely in connection with the marketing, issuing, and servicing of Cards to Members under this
Agreement throughout the United States (the ?Affinity Program?). Examples of current Marks are
set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. Such right and license is restricted to the products and
services described herein and shall not apply or extend to any other product or service offered by
IB. KUAA hereby agrees that the Marks may be used on all Affinity Program materials, associated
forms, and disclosures. KUAA and IB agree that IB will only issue Card products bearing the
Marks pursuant to this Agreement, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by IB and KUAA.
Except for amounts paid to KUAA pursuant to Paragraph 5, IB shall not be required to pay any
additional amounts to KUAA, or on account of KUAA, in connection with the use of the Marks in
conjunction with this Affinity Program. For clarity, additional amounts may be required for access
to physical mascots or venues not under KUAA?s control.
