any credit card associated with any card network, including but are not limited to, MasterCard,
Visa, American Express, and Discover.

12. Non-Competition. With respect to all Accounts established pursuant to this Agreement,
Group agrees that neither Group nor any entity which Group controls shall by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of one (1) year following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, specifically
make any offer of a credit card or credit card related services uniquely tailored for and limited to
the individuals possessing an Account. The parties agree this non-competition clause, following
termination of this Agreement, shall not prohibit Group and/or credit card provider with which it
may contract from making any general offer for a credit card or credit card related services to all
of its Members, which may include individuals with an Account, so long as such offer is not
uniquely tailored for and limited to individuals possessing an Account.

13. Notices. Any and all notices of other communications required or permitted under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered either by personal delivery; by nationally
recognized overnight courier service; or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
addressed as follows:

If to IB, to:
INTRUST Bank, N.A.
Consumer Banking Division
P.O. Box One
Wichita, KS 67201
Attention: Managing Director

If to Group, to:
The Alumni Association of Ball State University
Alumni Center
2800 W. Bethel Avenue
Muncie, Indiana 47304
Attention: President, The Alumni Association

or to such other person or address as either party shall have previously designated to the other by
written notice given in the manner set forth above. Notices shall be deemed given one Business
Day after sent, if sent by overnight courier; when delivered and receipted for, if hand delivered; or
when receipted for (or upon the date of attempted delivery where delivery is refused) if sent by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

14. Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement, including Exhibits, constitutes the
entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all prior
written and oral proposals, understandings, agreements and representations, all of which are
merged herein. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in
writing and executed by all of the parties hereto.

