payable by a party owed indemnification under this Section 9 to a person not related to such party
(collectively, ?Excluded Damages?).

10. Term and Termination.

(a) Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs 10(b), (c) and (d) below, performance
under this Agreement shall commence as of Effective Date and shall continue until August 5, 2022
(the ?Initial Term?). Thereafter, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive
annual periods thereafter (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless (i) either party delivers a written notice
of termination at least 180 days before the end of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal
Term of its intent not to renew the Agreement, or (ii) IB delivers a written notice of termination at
least 60 days before the end of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term of its intent not
to renew the Agreement if IB had previously received notice from its sublicensee that such
sublicensee will terminate its agreement with IB effective at the end of such Initial Term or
Renewal Term, or (iii) at any time after April 9, 2020, the Net Sales as calculated on a rolling
twelve (12) month basis declines to $1,500,000 or below and IB delivers written notice of
termination, then this Agreement shall terminate as of the 181? day following the receipt of such
written notice at the option of IB.

(b) If there is a default or breach by either party in the performance of any term or
condition of this Agreement (including any material misrepresentation by either party of any
matter set forth in Paragraph 8 herein) and any such default or material misrepresentation in this
Agreement shall continue for a period of sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof
(setting forth in detail the nature of such default or misrepresentation), then this Agreement shall
terminate as of the 61st day following the receipt of such written notice at the option of the non-
defaulting party. If the non-defaulting party does not elect to terminate this Agreement, the non-
defaulting party may file suit for injunctive relief to require the defaulting party to comply with
the terms of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement shall be deemed immediately terminated, without the requirement
of further action or notice by either party, in the event that either party shall become subject to
voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, conservatorship or like proceedings
pursuant to applicable state or federal law.

(d) In the event any material change in any federal, state or local law, statute, operating
rule or regulation, or any material change in any operating rule or regulation of the applicable card
network or in the terms and conditions of IB?s agreement with its sublicensee makes the continued
performance of this Agreement under such changed terms and conditions unduly financially
burdensome or legally prohibited, then IB shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon
30 business days advance written notice. Such written notice shall include a detailed explanation
as evidence of the burden imposed as a result of such change.

(ec) ?_ Upon termination of this Agreement:

@ Group shall promptly destroy all take-one and any other promotional
materials that have been supplied by IB to Group and are still in Group?s possession;

i
