(i) Group shall promptly destroy all take-one and any other promotional
materials that have been supplied by IB to Group and are still in Group?s possession;

(ii) | All Accounts which have been opened pursuant to the terms hereof, together
with all Accounts for which applications have been received but not yet processed by IB as of the
effective date of such termination, shall remain the sole and exclusive property of IB, and Group
has no right or option to purchase any such Accounts;

(iii) IB shall have the right, but not the obligation, to reissue Cards previously
issued to Members pursuant to this Agreement and to issue Cards to applicants whose application
are received after the effective date of such termination, in its own name and without any reference
to Group or use of a Mark on such Cards. However, all Cards using a Mark must be converted at
expiration, and until expiration or reissue, all Cards using a Mark may continue to use a Mark;

(iv) All obligations to Group shall cease after the effective date of such
termination;

(v) If this Agreement is terminated before the completion of the Initial Term
due to an uncured material default by Group, or due to a material misrepresentation by Group of
subparagraph (b) or (c) above, or is terminated by Group without cause, Group shall immediately
remit to IB all Affinity Program expenses incurred to date, not to exceed $25,000.

(63) Except for Excluded Damages, nothing contained herein shall limit the remedies
available to either Group or IB, including seeking monetary or equitable relief, in the event of a
termination due to a violation of subparagraphs (b) or (c) above.

ll. Exclusivity. During the term of this Agreement, (a) IB shall have the exclusive right to
market and issue credit and debit cards bearing or using the Marks, and (b) Group agrees that it
shall not by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, or through any parent,
affiliate or subsidiary, offer to endorse, or enter into any agreement with any other provider for the
issuance or provision of any credit or charge card or debit card bearing the Marks to Members.
Such credit or debit cards mean any credit or debit card associated with any card network,
including but are not limited to, MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover.

12. Non-Competition. With respect to all Accounts established pursuant to this Agreement,
Group agrees that neither Group nor any entity which Group controls shall by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of one (1) year following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, specifically
make any offer of a credit or debit card or related services uniquely tailored for and limited to the
individuals possessing an Account. The parties agree this non-competition clause, following
termination of this Agreement, shall not prohibit Group and/or credit card provider with which it
may contract from making any general offer for a credit or debit card or related services to all of
its Members, which may include individuals with an Account, so long as such offer is not uniquely
tailored for and limited to individuals possessing an Account.
