DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

If to KUAA, to:
The Kansas University Alumni Association
1266 Oread Avenue
Lawrence, KS 66045-3100
Attention: President

or to such other person or address as either party shall have previously designated to the other by
written notice given in the manner set forth above. Notices shall be deemed given one Business
Day after sent, if sent by overnight courier; when delivered and receipted for, if hand delivered; or
when receipted for (or upon the date of attempted delivery where delivery is refused) if sent by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

14, Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement, including Exhibits, constitutes the
entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all prior
written and oral proposals, understandings, agreements and representations, all of which are
merged herein. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in
writing and executed by all of the parties hereto.

15. Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of either party to insist, in any one or more instances,
on the performance of any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver
or relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance of any such term
or condition, and the obligations of the non-performing party with respect thereto shall continue
in full force and effect.

16. Assignment and Sublicensing.

(a) This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written
consent from the other party, of which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(b) IB may sublicense and delegate all or part of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement, including without limitation, the rights granted under this Agreement in the Marks and
Lists, to U.S. Bank National Association d/b/a Elan Financial Services, a national banking
association with its main office located at 4325 17 Ave. SW, Fargo, North Dakota 58103 (Elan).
Such sublicense and delegation may include performance of IB and Elan under their agreement.
KUAA will not be a beneficiary of or have any rights under the agreement between IB and Elan,
and KUAA will look solely to IB, including without limitation, for the payment of any Royalties,
and IB will be solely responsible for any breach of this Agreement caused by Elan.

17. Account Terms. All account terms and conditions, including but not limited to, annual
percentage rate, annual fee, and other fees, will be determined by IB in its sole discretion.

18. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall, for any reason, be

deemed to be invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect.

10
