David B. Dentler, PSECU Senior Director, Membership Development

As Senior Director, Dave Dentler has oversight responsibility for three main areas in the marketing
department: Business Development, Government Relations, and the University Development program.
Prior to joining PSECU, he spent 29 years in a variety of administrative capacities in higher education.
He has experience with community colleges and both public and private four-year institutions, with his
most recent position being Vice President for Administration and Secretary to the Board at
Elizabethtown College, where he was employed for 21 years. Dave earned a Bachelor of Science in
Business Administration from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Education from Temple
University, and a certificate from Harvard Graduate School of Education, the Institute for Educational
Management (IEM). Dave previously served on the PSECU Board of Directors and will have four years of
service with PSECU in April 2017.

Margaret M. Delmonico, PSECU Director, Public Relations

Margaret Delmonico oversees PSECU?s Public Relations Unit that includes Corporate Communications,
community involvement and is responsible for Corporate Social Responsibility and Financial Literacy.
Contributions to projects such as RFPs are to provide background and information as related to her
area of oversight within PSECU, as well as historical reference based on her years of service with
PSECU. Margaret currently serves on the Board of Directors for Leadership Harrisburg Area where she is
Secretary of the Board and Chair of the Resource Committee. She also serves on the Board of Directors
for the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association Foundation. She is the primary PSECU representative for
the Rotary Club of Harrisburg and serves on the Water Project Committee and the Harrisburg Rotary
Foundation Board. She is also a past board member of the Central PA Food Bank where she served as
Secretary and Chair of the Communications Committee. Margaret earned a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre
and Speech and Communications from DeSales University and a Master of Science in
Communication/Journalism from Shippensburg University. Margaret has over 38 years of service with
PSECU.

Michael C. Verotsky, PSECU Director, University Development

As the Director of University Development, Michael Verotsky oversees the development and
implementation of strategies to grow, retain and provide value to members and prospective members
through PSECU?s University Development program and its administrators. His position has oversight
responsibility and accountability for the overall University Development program. Michael has held a
number of positions in his 17 years of service with PSECU. For the 10 years prior to his current post, he
served the PSECU membership by directing the company?s digital banking program which includes its
ontine and mobile banking initiatives. Michael?s commitment to academia extends beyond his work at
PSECU. He has coached women?s basketball at Harrisburg Area Community College since 2002,
currently serving as their head coach. Michael earned his Associate?s degree in Computer Information
Systems from Harrisburg Area Community College and his Bachelor of Science in Computer Systems
Technology from Duquesne University.

Paula A. Walter, PSECU Director, ATM, Branch and Payment Operations

As Director of the ATM, Branch and Payment Operations, Paula is responsible for overseeing the
operations of PSECU?s ATM network, campus card processing, payment and deposit processing, and alt
services provided at PSECU?s branches. She is actively involved in industry networking for all areas that
fall under her responsibilities to include serving as president on the Diebold Nixdorf Advisory Board and
past president of the Jack Henry, image Center Advisory board Additionally, Paula serves on the
STAR?/First Data Advisory Board. Paula has 37 years of service with PSECU.

RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES : PSEC

Technicat Proposai | Page 21 of 34

