PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

Ts DELIVERY.

a. COMPLIANCE WITH DELIVERY SCHEDULE: Unless otherwise stated in this
Contract, delivery must be made within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date. Following the Effective
Date of this Contract, if it is found the goods or services cannot be delivered within the time specified in
this Contract, the Contractor must provide written notice thereof immediately to the University, including
the reason(s) for the delay along with the anticipated date of delivery. Any notice to the University as to
possible delay shall not constitute a waiver of the University?s rights under this Contract, nor shall such
actions affect the responsibility of the Contractor to deliver goods or perform services in accordance with
the delivery schedule prescribed by this Contract.

b. SUPPLIES DELIVERY: All item(s) shall be delivered duty paid (DDP) to the location
specified. The Contractor agrees to bear the risk of loss, injury, or destruction of the item(s) ordered prior
to receipt of the items by the University. Such loss, injury, or destruction shall not release the Contractor
from any contractual obligations.

?. DELIVERY OF SERVICES: The Contractor shall proceed with all due diligence in the
performance of the services with qualified personnel and in accordance with any completion criteria set
forth in this Contract.

8. INSPECTION AND REJECTION.

a. The University reserves the right to require any and all Contractors to: (i) provide certified
data from laboratory testing performed by the Contractor, or performed by an independent laboratory, as
specified by the University; (ii) supply published manufacturer product documentation; (iii) permit a
University representative to witness testing at the Contractor's location or at an independent laboratory;
(iv) complete a survey/questionnaire relating to the bid requirements and specifications; (v) provide
customer references; and (vi) provide a product demonstration at a location near the University.

b. No item(s) or services received by the University shall be deemed accepted until the
University has had a reasonable opportunity to make an inspection. Any item(s) that is discovered to be
defective or fail(s) to conform to the specifications may be rejected upon initial inspection or at any later
time if the defects contained in the item(s) or the noncompliance with the specifications were not
reasonably ascertainable upon the initial inspection. The decision of the Contracting Officer shall be final.
It shall thereupon become the duty of the Contractor to remove rejected item(s) from the premises without
expense to the University within fifteen (15) days after notification. Rejected item(s) left longer than
fifteen (15) days will be regarded as abandoned, and the University shall have the right to dispose of them
as its own property and shall retain that portion of the proceeds of any sale that represents the University?s
costs and expenses in regard to the storage and sale of the item(s). Upon notice of rejection, the Contractor
shall immediately render service(s) or replace all such rejected item(s) provided with others conforming
to the specifications and that are not defective. If the Contractor fails, neglects or refuses to do so, the
University shall then have the right to procure a corresponding quantity of such item(s) or service(s) and
deduct from any monies due or that may thereafter become due to the Contractor the difference between
the price stated in this Contract and the cost thereof to the University.

(oH The University shall have the right to not regard any rejected material as abandoned and to
demand that the Contractor remove the rejected material from the premises within thirty (30) days of

notification. The Contractor shall be responsible for removal of the rejected material as well as proper
clean-up. If the Contractor fails or refuses to remove the rejected material as demanded by the University,

Page 9 of 32
