REP:

Checking Account Costs to the Consumer
+ No monthly usage fee
*? No minimum balance required
+ Free PSECU basic-style checks

Please refer to PSECU?s Cost Proposal (under separate cover) for our current Fee Schedule.

Deposit Information:
Student and employee members may deposit funds using one of the following methods:

ATM Depository Machines:
Regardless of the ATM used, PSECU members have immediate availability of deposited
amounts. (see our Funds Availability Policy, page 29)

Mobile Deposit:

Deposits are made by taking a picture of a check on the member?s mobile device and
depositing it into their account. Members may make deposits up to $10,000 through our mobile
channel.

Direct Deposit;

PSECU is a participating Depository Financial Institution (DF) in the Automated Clearing House
(ACH) Network that both receives and originates a range of ACH transactions for its
membership to include: Direct Deposit, Direct Debit and online payments through a direct
relationship with the Federal Reserve System.

Member-to-Member Transfers:
Funds may be transferred from a member?s account to a different account using our online
banking, mobile banking, Self-Service Telephone or by calling our Call Centers.

Account-to-Account Transfers:
Funds may be transferred into a member?s account from another financial institution through
online banking.

Online Deposit (UPost@Home?):
Members may make deposits through our online deposit service, crediting up to $1,500
instantly.

Wire Transfers:
Members may receive money directly into their PSECU account from another financial
institution via wire transfer.

Deposits (via multiple deposit channels such as mobile deposits and ATM check and/or cash
deposits) for PSECU members shall be immediately available. Deposits may be made to other
financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM, but it is understood that the deposits to
those institutions may not be available for immediate withdrawal depending upon the funds
availability policy set by the institution that issued the card. Please refer to page 29 for our
complete Funds Availability Policy.

MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PEG

Technical Proposal | Page 13 of 34

