c. Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that each
Financial Educational Center is operational during the stated business hours of the
Financial Educational Center, which efforts shall include dispatching service personnel,
making repairs and replacements, and monitoring data line problems.

d. Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit Union or any
wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union. Credit Union may employ independent
contractors for construction and/or maintenance purposes.

e. Credit Union agrees to maintain, at no expense to Elizabethtown College, the conduit
and electrical, computer, telephone and other lines which serve the Financial
Educational Center, as well as any and all other facilities or equipment which may be
necessary or appropriate for the, operation and maintenance of the Financial Educational
Center. The appearance, location and all other features and characteristics of the lines,
facilities and equipment serving the Financial Educational Center will be mutually agreed
upon by Elizabethtown College and Credit Union.

f. Location and Number of ATMs:

The location of the ATM(s) shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties. ATM security
and transaction monitoring will be the responsibility of the Credit Union. The ATM(s) may
be relocated if service volume (transactions) is not commensurate with established
trends in campus communities of similar size and upon the mutual agreement of both
parties. The party requesting relocation will bear the cost thereof including related
equipment and installation. Requests for relocation must be made no less than forty-five
days (45) prior to the desired relocation date. This section excludes actions related to
security or emergency situations that would require the university or college to relocate
the ATM. Prompt notification must be provided to the Credit Union and due care must be
taken by the university or college to protect the ATM and related equipment. The
minimum number of ATMs will be 1 (one).

6. Elizabethtown College Obligations

a. Elizabethtown College agrees that Credit Union retains the sole right to control the
management of each Financial Educational Center provided, however, that under no
circumstance shall Credit Union, its employees or representatives, tamper with or have
any access (other than commercial use) to any other Elizabethtown College equipment or
facilities without prior written consent from Elizabethtown College.

b. Elizabethtown College shall provide janitorial services and electricity to the Credit Union
for the operation of each Financial Educational Center. Credit Union shall be responsible
for all other utilities.

c. Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have access to
each Financial Educational Center at all times for installing, maintaining, servicing and
operations and removing equipment of the Financial Educational Center. In doing so,
Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal operations of Elizabethtown College
business.

d. Elizabethtown College shall have no responsibility for the security of any Financial
Educational Center, other than to act in accordance with its customary practices and

Page 3 of 15
