32. PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY. The Contractor warrants that it
is the sole owner or author of, or has entered into a suitable legal agreement concerning
either: a) the design of any product or process provided or used in the performance of the
Contract which is covered by a patent, copyright, or trademark registration or other right duly
authorized by state or federal law or b) any copyrighted matter in any report document or
other material provided to the commonwealth under the contract. The Contractor shall defend
any suit or proceeding brought against the Commonwealth on account of any alleged patent,
copyright or trademark infringement in the United States of any of the products provided or
used in the performance of the Contract. This is upon condition that the Commonwealth shall
provide prompt notification in writing of such suit or proceeding; full right, authorization
and opportunity to conduct the defense thereof; and full information and all reasonable
cooperation for the defense of same. As principles of governmental or public law are
involved, the Commonwealth may participate in or choose to conduct, in its sole
discretion, the defense of any such action. If information and assistance are furnished by
the Commonwealth at the Contractor?s written request, it shall be at the Contractor?s
expense, but the responsibility for such expense shall be only that within the Contractor's
written authorization. The Contractor shall indemnify and hold the Commonwealth harmless
from all damages, costs, and expenses, including attorney's fees that the Contractor or the
Commonwealth may pay or incur by reason of any infringement or violation of the rights
occurring to any holder of copyright, trademark, or patent interests and rights in any
products provided or used in the performance of the Contract.

If any of the products provided by the Contractor in such suit or proceeding are held to
constitute infringement and the use is enjoined, the Contractor shall, at its own expense and
at its option, either procure the right to continue use of such infringement products, replace
them with non-infringement equal performance products or modify them so that they are
no longer infringing. If the Contractor is unable to do any of the preceding, the Contractor
agrees to remove all the equipment or software which are obtained contemporaneously with
the infringing product, or, at the option of the Commonwealth, only those items of equipment
or software which are held to be infringing, and to pay the Commonwealth: 1) any amounts
paid by the Commonwealth towards the purchase of the product, less straight line
depreciation; 2) any license fee paid by the Commonwealth for the use of any software, less
an amount for the period of usage; and 3) the pro rata portion of any maintenance fee
representing the time remaining in any period of maintenance paid for. The obligations of the
Contractor under this paragraph continue without time limit. No costs or expenses shall be
incurred for the account of the Contractor without its written consent.

33. COVENENT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES. The Contractor warrants that no person or
selling agency has been employed or retained to solicit or secure the Contract upon an
agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee,
except bona fide employees or bona fide established commercial or selling agencies
maintained by the Contractor for the purpose of securing business. For breach or violation
of this warranty, the Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the Contract without
liability or in its discretion to deduct from the Contract price or consideration, or otherwise
recover the full amount of such commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee.

34. CHANGE ORDERS. The Commonwealth reserves the right to issue change orders at any
time during the term of the Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof: 1) to make
changes to the services within the scope of the Contract; 2) to notify the Contractor that
the Commonwealth is exercising any Contract extension option; or 3) to modify the time of
performance that does not alter the scope of the Contract to extend the completion date
beyond the Expiration Date of the Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof.

Page 17 of 22
