Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

a. Subject to the terms and conditions of Paragraph 21, this Contract shall be
binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

b. The Contractor shall not subcontract with any person or entity to perform all
or any part of the work to be performed under this Contract without the prior written
consent of the Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at the sole and
absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

c. The Contractor may not assign, in whole or in part, this Contract or its rights,
duties, obligations, or responsibilities hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at the sole and absolute discretion of
the Contracting Officer.

d. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Contractor may, without the consent of
the Contracting Officer, assign its rights to payment to be received under the Contract,
provided that the Contractor provides written notice of such assignment to the
Contracting Officer together with a written acknowledgement from the assignee that any
such payments are subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract.

e. For the purposes of this Contract, the term ?assign? shall include, but shall
not be limited to, the sale, gift, assignment, pledge, or other transfer of any ownership
interest in the Contractor, provided, however, that the term shall not apply to the sale or
other transfer of stock of a publicly traded company.

f. Any assignment consented to by the Contracting Officer shall be evidenced
by a written assignment agreement executed by the Contractor and its assignee in which
the assignee agrees to be legally bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Contract
and to assume the duties, obligations, and responsibilities being assigned.

g. A change of name by the Contractor, following which the Contractor?s
federal identification number remains unchanged, shall not be considered to be an
assignment hereunder. The Contractor shall give the Contracting Officer written notice
of any such change of name.

17. NONDISCRIMINATION/SEXUAL HARASSMENT CLAUSE.

During the term of the Contract, Contractor agrees as follows:

a. In the hiring of any employees for the manufacture of supplies, performance
of work, or any other activity required under the Contract or any subcontract, the
Contractor, subcontractor or any person acting on behalf of the Contractor or
subcontractor shall not by reason of gender, race, creed or color discriminate against any
citizen of this Commonwealth who is qualified and available to perform the work to
which the employment relates.

b. Neither the Contractor nor any subcontractor nor any person on their behalf
shall in any manner discriminate against or intimidate any employee involved in the
manufacture of supplies, the performance of work or any other activity required under the
Contract on account of gender, race, creed or color.

Page 13 of 24
