month for members and up to $20 dollar a month for members with Direct
Deposit

List the procedures to be followed to request and issue the cards and terminate
the use of card.

PSECU response: :

Applicants can apply for a PSECU Visa? Check Card at our on-campus
locations or through our website. A member must be at least 12-years old to be
eligible for our Check Card. PSECU approves service levels based on an
applicant?s credit history. After examining a member?s account history and other
factors, Check Card limits are established and communicated to the member. For
security reasons, our Check Cards are mailed in plain, white window envelopes
to the address of record - with no indication it is from PSECU. Members need to
activate the cards from their telephone of record on the account after the cards
arrive in the mail. There is a sticker provided on the card with the phone number
to call for activation.

Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 nationwide during PSECU's hours of
operation to terminate the use of their card, to report a card lost or stolen or to have a
new card issued. After business hours, the member can call 800.556.5678 to close the
card. While lost or stolen cards can be reported by anyone (i.e. non-cardholder, non-
member, etc.), the member will need to speak to PSECU to have a new card issued.

Describe how accounts will be opened. How quickly can accounts be activated?

PSECU response:

Students, faculty and staff are able to open their PSECU account at our on-
campus location or prior to arriving on campus through our online application
located at psecu.com. Our online application (as well as our paper application)
allows the applicant to choose checking, ATM debit card service and online
banking access in one application. Over 80% of our membership is opened online
with 71% of those receiving instant approval.

The online application takes less than 15 minutes to complete and with 71% of
our online applications receiving instant approval, the vast majority of applicants
are members within a short period of time. Because PSECU strongly believes in
providing college students with the best possible financial services alternative, we
priority-process our college applications.

In addition, as part of our relationship with CCP, PSECU will deposit the initial
$5 minimum Share 1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for
membership into each new CCP member account.

How quickly will an account holder receive cards and check stock?

PSECU response:

Once the member?s account is established, it takes approximately seven days to
receive cards and check stock. Members of the campus community who require
immediate access to their account also have the ability to be issued a temporary ATM
Card at our on-campus location. These cards allow for immediate access to the

37
