PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

harassment to cease. In addition, the University may proceed with debarment or suspension or make
appropriate reports in accordance with the Contractor Responsibility Program.

29. | BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR SECURE OR SENSITIVE AREAS.

a. At the direction of the University, the Contractor must, at its expense, arrange for a
background check for each of its employees, as well as the employees of any of its subcontractors, who
will have access to secure or sensitive areas on the University?s campus, either through on-site access or
through remote access, as determined by the University. Before the University will permit an employee
or subcontractor of the Contractor to have access to secure or sensitive areas on the University?s campus,
the Contractor may be required provide written confirmation that appropriate background checks have
been conducted.

db. Access to certain University buildings may be controlled by means of card readers and
secured visitors? entrances. University contracted personnel who have regular and routine business in
University worksites may be issued a photo identification or access badge, at the discretion of the
University, subject to University policy or direction. The Contractor shall be responsible for all fees in
connection is issuance of photo identification or access badges

Ci The University may provide Contractor employees who work on a University campus with
a designated email or other network access for use by the employee for performance under this Contract.
Any such access must be in accordance with all applicable laws and University policies.

d. If it is discovered at any time that an individual who has access to a secure or sensitive area
on campus has a criminal record that includes a felony or misdemeanor involving terroristic behavior,
violence, use of a lethal weapon, breach of trust/fiduciary responsibility or that raises concerns about
building, system or personal security, or is otherwise job-related, the Contractor shall not assign that
employee to any University facilities, shall remove any access privileges already given to the employee
and shall not permit that employee remote access unless the University consents to the access, in writing,
prior to the access.

e. Failure of the Contractor to comply with the terms of this section on more than one occasion
or Contractor's failure to appropriately address any single failure to the satisfaction of the University may
result in the Contractor being deemed in default of its Contract.

30. |. BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR MINORS.

a. The Contractor must arrange for a background check for each of its employees, as well as
the employees of any of its subcontractors, who will provide a program, activity or service to the
University that is responsible for the care, supervision, guidance, or control of children or as otherwise
designated by the University under applicable policy. The Contractor will be responsible for any such
associated costs.

b. Before the University will permit an employee or subcontractor of the Contractor to
provide any program, activity or service to the University where the employee or subcontractor is
responsible for the care, supervision, guidance, or control of children, the Contractor must provide written
confirmation that background checks have been conducted in accordance with applicable law and policies.
If it is discovered at any time that an individual has a criminal record that includes one of the enumerated
offenses set forth in section 6344(c) of the Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. ? 6344, the
Contractor shall immediately remove the employee or subcontractor from assignment to the University
under this Contract.

Page 21 of 32
