d.

(?Closing Date?).

Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Educational Centers until
the Closing Date.

Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Educational Center shall be effective
on the date that the Terminated Financial Educational Center is closed by Credit Union,
and Credit Union shall operate the Terminated Financial Educational Center until the
date of such closure. Credit Union shall not be obligated nor have the right to operate
such Financial Educational Center after the Closing Date. Until the Closing Date of the
Terminated Financial Educational Center, all terms of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect with respect to such Terminated Financial Educational Centers.

4. Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation

a.

Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month for the
preceding month, the following rent (?Rent?) - $400 per month on a pro-rated basis, so
long as this agreement is in full force and effect.

e Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per annum
for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.

All employees described in Attachments A, B, or C shall be employees of the Credit Union
and shall not be employees of Elizabethtown College.

Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachments B and C.
Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be provided to
Elizabethtown College.

The terms of Attachments A, B and C will be reviewed on an annual basis. Elizabethtown
College and Credit Union will mutually agree to any revisions made therein. In the
absence of a mutual agreement, the terms remain as stated in the initial contract.

Credit Union further agrees to payment of Financial Educational Center expenses, other
than employee, janitorial and electrical expenses as specified on Attachment A.

Credit Union agrees to other specific terms of operation (dates, hours, work parameters
& staffing details) as specified on Attachment A.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a.

Credit Union shall maintain each Financial Educational Center(s) listed on Attachment A,
and shall maintain each Financial Educational Center in accordance with its best
practices and procedures. Credit Union's operation of each Financial Educational Center
shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules and
regulations. Credit Union shall bear all costs of construction, installation and operation.

Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Educational Center equipment,
furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and scope of the
operation of each Financial Educational Center. At Credit Union's expense, Credit Union
shall be solely responsible for the maintenance of each Financial Educational Center, and
the costs of all data communications necessary for the operation of each Financial
Educational Center except as stated in Sections 4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A.

Page 2 of 15
