Attachment A to Amendment No. 1 - Northeast Regional Center Facility Modification

1. CCP will provide an area to be modified to the specifications as shown in Attachment B to Amendment No. 1.

2. The vendor will be responsible for the renovations and all associated costs of having a branch on campus.
These costs include but are not limited to design, permitting, inspections, casework, furnishings, flooring, wall
structure and finishes, door frames, doors, hardware, electrical distribution panels and breakers, wiring and
connections, lighting, switches, plumbing, fire sprinkler devices with applicable piping, data / phone
connectivity, and Honeywell fire alarm devices connections / monitoring (Local only). It is expected that the
selected vendor will compensate the College on a prorated cost for occupied space and utility usage. The bid
response must include control space and client management in a manner that will not interfere with egress in
or out of the building, circulation of students, or encroachment to waiting area at elevators or service lines to
other service providers in the nearby areas.

3. The signed / sealed drawings of design, any required permitting, any required inspections and modification /
build-out of any facility is the responsibility of the successful bidder.

4. The proposed facility will have access to the following CCP provided utilities:
i. Electric
ii. CCP data / phone connectivity
iii. Central plant environmental systems
iv. Central Life-safety fire alarm system (Honeywell - local only)
Vv. Central Fire sprinkler systems

5. CCP has emergency power available for the building safety systems. The vendor is required to provide any
UPS systems or isolation devices required for protection of electronic equipment.

6. The lighting, painting / wall finishes, and flooring used in the facility must be pre-approved by the CCP
Facilities Management Department.

7. All facility modification must be done with technicians appropriately licensed in the City of Philadelphia to
perform required scope. Union labor is expected.

8. Hot work must be pre-approved prior to beginning any required work.

9, Facility modifications must be supervised by an OSHA competent individual and deliver a safety plan for
modifications to CCP designee before work begins. Construction barriers must be in-place at all times the
building is occupied.

10, At all times during the modifications, dust control must be in-place and all debris must be removed
from the area daily. There is no provision for contractor supplied dumpster or shared use of CCP dumpsters.
CCP is occupied from 7:30 AM to 11:00 PM daily and 7:30 AM to 4:00 PM on Saturdays. Bidders should consider
performing modifications during the hours of 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Any areas affected by construction
activity must be cleaned daily.

11. Delivery of equipment and materials must be scheduled for unloading at the side, ground level entrance.
All receiving, storage and security for materials are the responsibility of the bidder. ?Lay-down? space is
limited to within the floor space to be occupied.

12. All workmanship must be done in accordance with all applicable, local, state and federal code / standards
and receive final acceptance, of the completed modifications, by the CCP Facilities Department.
