Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF H{GHER EDUCATION
PASSHE-BB-3.1
REY. JULY 2017

Officer, but in any event, no longer than ninety (90) days after the Expiration Date of this Contract period.
Each Purchase Order will be deemed to incorporate the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract.

b. Purchase Orders may be issued electronically or through facsimile equipment. The
electronic transmission of a purchase order shall require acknowledgement of receipt of the transmission
by the Contractor. Receipt of the electronic or facsimile transmission of the Purchase Order shall constitute
receipt of an order. Purchase Orders received by the Contractor after 4:00 p.m. will be considered received
the following business day.

Cc. Upon receipt of a Purchase Order, the Contractor shall promptly and properly transmit an
acknowledgement in return. Any Purchase Order issued electronically shall not give rise to any obligation
to deliver on the part of the Contractor, or any obligation to receive and pay for delivered products on the
part of the University, unless and until the University transmitting the Purchase Order has properly
received an acknowledgement.

d. The parties agree that no writing shall be required in order to make the Purchase Order
legally binding, notwithstanding contrary requirements in any law. The parties hereby agree not to contest
the validity or enforceability of a genuine Purchase Order or acknowledgement issued electronically under
the provisions of a statute of frauds or any other applicable law relating to whether certain agreements be
in writing and signed by the party bound thereby. Any genuine Purchase Order or acknowledgement issued
electronically, if introduced as evidence on paper in any judicial or administrative proceedings, will be
admissible as between the parties to the same extent and under the same conditions as other business
records originated and maintained in documentary form. Neither party shall contest the admissibility of
copies of genuine Purchase Orders or acknowledgements under either the business records exception lo
the hearsay rule or the best evidence rule on the basis that the order or acknowledgement was not in writing
or signed by the parties. A Purchase Order or acknowledgment shall be deemed to be genuine for all
purposes if it is transmitted to the location designated for such documents. Each party will immediately
take steps to verify any document that appears to be obviously garbled in transmission or improperly
formatted to include re-transmission of any such document if necessary.

THE BALANCE OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

Page 6 of 32
