THIS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?), is entered into the 1* ??? day of

July , 2021, (the "Effective Date") by and between Slippery Rock University Alumni
Association, with an address of and physically located at 1 Morrow Way, Slippery Rock, PA 16057
(hereafter referred to as ?SRUAA"), and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, with an address of
1500 Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110 (?PSECU?) (together, the ?Parties?, or individually, a
?Party?).

WHEREAS, the SRUAA desires to promote products and services offered by PSECU; and,

WHEREAS, SRUAA will provide PSECU with promotional/marketing opportunities, including the
opportunity to speak to attendees/ participants at events, as appropriate.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND SRUAA. PSECU and SRUAA, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

a) PSECU & SRUAA agree to meet a minimum of annually and not less than 30 days prior to the
contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan for the
upcoming contract year. The marketing and outreach plan is intended to focus on tactical
ways to reach members of the SRUAA for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts agreed upon
for the year will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products and
services to members of the SRUAA. PSECU will compensate SRUAA for new memberships and
products and services generated through these marketing and outreach efforts that are
qualified for PSECU membership through SRUAA eligibility. Detail of the compensation
schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

b) The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or
inclusive of: email on behalf of PSECU to the SRUAA members or targeted portions of the
SRUAA, social media posting or linking of PSECU material or commentary on social media, co-
branding of printed material, co-branded give away, inclusion of articles or marketing in e-
newsletters, advertisement or links on the SRUAAs website, mailings sent to SRUAA members,
mailing lists provided by the SRUAA, marketing material at SRUAA events, attendance at
SRUAA events, listing PSECU as an alumni benefit in printed material.

c) SRUAA shall not deny PSECU reasonable marketing access to its members.

d) SRUAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks),
logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively, the ?IP") of
each respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may
not be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website,
framed, deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior
written permission of the owner of such IP.

2. TERM. The Effective Date for this Agreement is July 1?-?--?-----., 20211 and will end June
30-?--------- ?, 2024 (?Initial Term?). At the end of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall

automatically renew for two additional and separate one-year terms (?Renewal Term(s)?), under
the same conditions unless either party provides notice to the other of its written intention not to
renew not less than ninety (90) days before the end of the then current term

3. TERMINATION, Under this Agreement, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
for convenience if the terminating party determines such action to be in its own best interest.
Such termination shall be effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the
other party. PSECU shall accept applications for SRUAA members as within PSECU?s field of
membership. PSECU retains all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information, which shall continue following termination of this Agreement.

PSECU/SRUAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 1 of 5
