Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

non-compliance with these Contractor Integrity Provisions.
Contractor agrees to make identified Contractor employees available
for interviews at reasonable times and places. Contractor, upon the
inquiry or request of an Inspector General, shall provide, or if
appropriate, make promptly available for inspection or copying, any
information of any type or form deemed relevant by the Office of the
State Inspector General to Contractor's integrity and compliance with
these provisions. Such information may include, but shall not be
limited to, Contractor's business or financial records, documents or
files of any type or form that refer to or concern this contract.
Contractor shall incorporate this paragraph in any agreement,
contract or subcontract it enters into in the course of the performance
of this contract/agreement solely for the purpose of obtaining
subcontractor compliance with this provision. The incorporation of
this provision in a subcontract shall not create privity of contract
between the Commonwealth and any such subcontractor, and no
third party beneficiaries shall be created thereby.

10) For violation of any of these Contractor Integrity Provisions, the
Commonwealth may terminate this and any other contract with
Contractor, claim liquidated damages in an amount equal to the value
of anything received in breach of these Provisions, claim damages
for all additional costs and expenses incurred in obtaining another
contractor to complete performance under this contract, and debar
and suspend Contractor from doing business with the
Commonwealth. These rights and remedies are cumulative, and the
use or non-use of any one shall not preclude the use of all or any
other. These rights and remedies are in addition to those the
Commonwealth may have under law, statute, regulation, or
otherwise.

15. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT.

a. Pursuant to federal regulations promulgated under the authority of the
Americans with Disabilities Act, 28 C.F.R. ? 35.101, et seq., the Contractor understands
and agrees that it shall not cause any individual with a disability to be excluded from
participation in this Contract or from activities provided for under this Contract on the
basis of the disability. As a condition of accepting this Contract, the Contractor agrees to
comply with the ?General Prohibitions Against Discrimination,? 28 C.F.R. ? 35.130, and
all other regulations promulgated under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act
which are applicable to all benefits, services, programs, and activities provided by the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through contracts with outside contractors.

b. The Contractor shall be responsible for and agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania from all losses, damages, expenses, claims,
demands, suits and actions brought by any party against the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania as a result of the Contractor?s failure to comply with the provisions of

subparagraph (a) above.

16. ASSIGNABILITY AND SUBCONTRACTING.

Page 12 of 24
