PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

or officer of either the University or the Contractor has authority to make, or has made, any statement,
agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with this Contract, which in any way can be
deemed to modify, add to or detract from, or otherwise change or alter its terms and conditions. No
negotiations between the parties, nor any custom or usage, shall be permitted to modify or contradict any
of the terms and conditions of the Contract. No modifications, alterations, changes, or waiver to this
Contract or any of its terms shall be valid or binding unless accomplished by a written amendment signed
by both parties. All such amendments will be made using the appropriate University form.

c. CONTROLLING TERMS AND CONDITIONS: The terms and conditions of this Contract
shall be the exclusive terms of agreement between the Contractor and the University. All quotations
requested and received from the Contractor are for obtaining firm pricing only. Other terms and conditions
or additional terms and conditions included or referenced in the Contractor's quotations, invoices, business
forms, or other documentation shall not become part of the parties? agreement and shall be disregarded by
the parties, unenforceable by the Contractor and not binding on the University unless specifically
referenced as being incorporated into this Contract. In the event attachments containing additional terms
are incorporated as part of this Contract, the terms and conditions herein shall control and prevail over
any such attachments, regardless of any language contained therein to the contrary.

d. SEVERABILITY: If any provision of this Contract is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be contrary to law or rendered unlawful by a legislative act, such provision shall be
interpreted to be modified so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest
extent allowed by law, and the remaining provisions of this Contract shall remain in full force and effect.

ie: SURVIVAL: The terms and conditions of this Contract that by their sense and context are
intended to survive termination or expiration hereof shall so survive.

fi NOTICE: Any written notice to any party under this Contract shall be deemed sufficient if
delivered personally, or by facsimile, telecopy, electronic or digital transmission (provided such delivery
is confirmed), or by a recognized overnight courier service (e.g., DHL, Federal Express, etc.) with
confirmed receipt, or by certified or registered United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, and sent to the other party at the address set forth in this Contract. In the case of an alleged
breach of this Contract, a copy of the written notice to the University shall also be provided to the
following: University Legal Counsel, 2986 N 2nd Street, Harrisburg, PA 17110.

g. LEGISLATIVE AND POLICY UPDATES: The parties acknowledge that it may be
necessary from time to time to modify the provisions of this Contract to comply with legislative or policy
updates, including updates to policies of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. In such
cases, the University will notify the Contractor of the necessary changes and the parties will incorporate
such changes into an amendment to this Contract.

h. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY: The University and the Contractor are the only parties
to this Contract and are the only parties entitled to enforce its terms. Nothing in this Contract gives or is
intended to give or shall be construed to give or provide any benefit or right, directly or indirectly, to third
parties.

iB INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR: In performing its obligations under this Contract, the
Contractor will act as an independent contractor and not as an employee or agent of the University. The
Contractor will be responsible for all services in this Contract whether or not Contractor provides them
directly. Further, the Contractor is the sole point of contact with regard to all contractual matters, including
payment of any and all charges resulting from the Contract.

Page 29 of 32
