PSEC

March 13, 2015

Ms. Marsia Henley

Purchasing Department, Room M1-4
Community College of Philadelphia
1700 Spring Garden Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19130

RE: RFP #9874 - Request for Proposal for ATM and Banking Services
Letter of Transmittal

Dear Ms. Henley:

Attached please find PSECU?s response to the above-referenced RFP. This submission acknowledges all
of the requirements in the RFP and all bidder questions and answers made available through email.
PSECU appreciates the opportunity to participate in the bidding process with the primary goal of adding
significant value to the College as well as for the students, faculty and staff of the Community College
of Philadelphia.

The Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU) is a not-for-profit financial institution that has
been in business since 1933. We are currently one of the largest credit unions in Pennsylvania (over
$4.4 billion in assets) and serve over 429,000 members throughout Pennsylvania, nationally and
internationally.

PSECU believes we offer a compelling proposal in the following areas:

A. Understanding the problem ? according to an October 6, 2013 story in USA Today,
Pennsylvania students leave college with a debt load second only to students in New
Hampshire. While many banks offer students low fee services while in school, once they leave
school the fees and service charges begin. As some bankers have said, consumers must
?prepare to pay? for their banking services. However, PSECU is different. While other financial
institutions impose service charges, we?ve adopted a low/no fee structure that provides our
members easy access to their money. In addition, PSECU reimbursed nearly $5 million in ATM
surcharges in 2014. PSECU?s loan rates are priced significantly lower than bank loan rates in
another effort to help students as they start their lives in the workforce.

B. Contractor qualifications ? PSECU currently serves the student, faculty and staff needs on 17
campuses. PSECU is an 81-year old financial institution with assets in excess of $4 billion
serving more than 429,000 members worldwide.

C. Technological ability ? PSECU is a recognized leader in technology offering mobile and online
banking services, mobile deposit services and other technological features years ahead of many
other financial institutions.

D. References ? we have provided references from several of our higher education partners in
the response.

P. O. BOX 67013 HARRISBURG, PA 17106-7013 800.237.7328 >>psecu.com

THIS CREDIT UNION IS FEDERALLY INSURED BY THE NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY LENDER.
