What we do ;

How does PSECU protect my personal To protect your personal information from unauthorized
information? access and use, we use security measures that comply with
federal law. These measures include computer safeguards
and secured files and buildings.

To protect our members? privacy, we only work with
companies that agree in writing to maintain strong
confidentiality protections and limit the use of the
information we provide.

How does PSECU collect my personal We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
i i ? s
information? e Open an account or use your credit or debit card.
e Make deposits or withdrawals from your account.
e Give us your contact information or make a wire transfer.
We also collect your personal information from others such
as credit bureaus or other companies.

Why can?t I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only:

Sharing for affiliates? everyday business purposes -
information about your creditworthiness.

e Affiliates from using your information to market to you.
e Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.

State laws and individual companies may give you additional
rights to limit sharing.

Betimitions
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
nonfinancial companies.
e PSECU does not have affiliates

Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial
and nonfinancial companies.
e PSECU does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.

Joint marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together
market financial products or services to you.

e PSECU does not jointly market

Other important information

This is PSECU?s Privacy Notice. It does not replace our Privacy Policy. For a copy of our Privacy Policy,
please go to psecu.com/privacy or call 800.237.7328.

Board Approved 12/8/2014
THIS CREDIT UNION 1S FEDERALLY INSURED BY THE NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY LENDER.
