any information of Contractor or its members. University agrees to report the date, time, and manner
of any such breach, the effect of the breach on Contractor, and any specific corrective action
University will be taking in response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to Contractor within 24
hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

CONTRACTOR NOTICE. Copy of any notice must be provided to the Corporate Legal Services
Department. Acceptable notice: personal delivery, first-class or certified mail with return receipt
requested or overnight delivery. Not acceptable: facsimile or electronic message notice.
Address: Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union

c/o Corporate Legal Services

1500 Elmerton Ave

Harrisburg, Pa 17110

PARTIES NON-DISCRIMINATION, This Credit Union, The University, and any subcontractor shall abide by
the requirements of 41 CFR 60- 1.4(a), 60-300.S(a) and 60-741 .S(a). These regulations prohibit
discrimination against Qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals
with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion,
sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and
subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

PARTIES TRADEMARKS AND PUBLICITY. Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use
the other party's logos, trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party.
Each party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and service marks are the sole
property of the other party.

PARTIES COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS. It is expressly understood that the
parties to the Agreement and any sub-contractors of either party will comply with all applicable rules
and regulations of any governmental, regulatory and accreditation authorities. University agrees to
promptly report, as described in the Notices section of this document, any PSECU member complaints
received by them to Contractor. Further, University agrees to cooperate in the satisfactory resolution
of any PSECU member complaints relating to the subject matter of the contractual relationship
between University and Contractor.
