Amendment No, 1 to the Agreement Between
Community College of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union

This Amendment No. 1 is made this b day of OCTOBE K_, 2017 (?Amendment Effective Date?)
by and between Community College of Philadelphia (the ?College?) and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit
Union (?Contractor?). Capitalized terms not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Agreement.

Whereas, College and Contractor are parties to that certain Agreement entered into as of the
27th day of May, 2015 (the ?Agreement? for the performance of Services thereunder; which Agreement

incorporates the Request for Proposal #9874 dated the gth day of February 2015 and related addenda
(the ?RFP?), and Contractor?s Proposal inclusive of the Revised Cost Proposal approved on 4-22-15 (the
?Proposal?), attached as Exhibits ?A? and ?B? to the Agreement (together the ?Exhibits?); and

Whereas, the parties desire to amend the Agreement to open a Financial Education Center at the Northeast
Regional Center (?NE Center?) of the College and to amend other applicable terms and conditions of the
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein and intending to be legally bound, the
College and Contractor agree as follows:

1, Services. The College hereby engages the Contractor to provide services described in the Agreement to the
Northeast Campus of the College (the ?NE Services?).

2. Space. College shall provide the Contractor with space located in the cafeteria area of the Northeast
Regional Center on the Northeast Campus located at 12901 Townsend Road, Philadelphia, PA 19154 (the ?NE
Campus Space?), which shall be provided for the installation and operation of the NE Center for Contractor to
provide the NE Services to the College.

3. Rent. College agrees to lease the NE Campus Space to the Contractor, and the rent for this NE Campus
Space shall be $600 per month for the term of the Agreement.

4. NE Center Construction and Operation, Cost of construction of the NE Center, furniture, equipment,
supplies, brochures, applications and literature shall be paid by Contractor. Contractor will also be responsible
for the costs associated with moving and relocating any and all life safety and communications system devices
in coordination with the College. Contractor shall comply with the requirements listed in Attachment A to this
Amendment No, 1, Northeast Regional Center Facility Modification, and with Attachment B to this Amendment
No. 1, Northeast Regional Center Specifications for Floor Plan, in the construction of the NE Center. Contractor
shall employ a Business Advisor and NE Center Student Interns to staff the NE Center. Dates and hours of
operation of the NE Center will be determined on an as needed basis, subject to agreement by the parties.

5, Utilities. College shall pay electric and janitorial services for the NE Center. All other utilities for
the NE Center shall be paid by Contractor.

6. Insurance. Contractor shall carry the same types and limits of insurance on the NE Center as it carries on the
Center, and as specified in the Exhibits. The insurance must name Community College of Philadelphia as
additional insured. Certificates of insurance applicable to the NE Center shall be furnished to the College before
Contractor begins any work under this Amendment No. 1.

7. Additional Compensation to College. Contractor agrees to pay additional compensation to the
College as provided below (in addition to the compensation listed in the Proposal):
a) Signing Bonus of $10,000 paid in year one;
b) Unrestricted donation of $4,000 per year for each year of the Agreement;
c) Orientation support of $5,000 per year for each year of the Agreement;
d) Scholarships funds provided to PSECU Members attending the Northeast Campus of College of $3,500
per year for each year of the Agreement;
e) Performance incentives for the NE Center shall be as follows, and subject to the same terms as set
forth in the Agreement and Exhibits:

