c)

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, either party
(the ?Terminating Party?) may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial
Educational Centers (the ?Terminated Financial Educational Center?) at any time
for any or no reason, as follows:

1) The Terminating Party shall send not less than 90 days written notification
(?Termination Notice?) to the other party indicating the intent to terminate the
Agreement as to the Financial Educational Centers specified in the Termination
Notice and specifying the effective date of such termination (?Closing Date?).

2) Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Educational

Centers until the Closing Date.

~?

3) Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Educational Center shall be
effective on the date that the Terminated Financial Educational Center is closed
by Credit Union, and Credit Union shall operate the Terminated Financial
Educational Center until the date of such closure. Credit Union shall not be
obligated nor have the right to operate such Financial Educational Center after
the Closing Date. Until the Closing Date of the Terminated Financial
Educational Center, all terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect with respect to such Terminated Financial Educational Centers

4. Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation

a)

b)

c)

d)

e)

Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month
for the preceding month, the following rent (?Rent?) starting when the Financial
Education Center opens, on a pro-rated basis, so long as this Agreement is in full
force and effect:

e $250 per month

e Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per
annum for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.

All employees described in Attachments A, B, or C shall be employees of the Credit
Union and shall not be employees of Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus.

Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachments B
and C. Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be
provided to Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus.

The terms of Attachments A, B and C will be reviewed on an annual basis.
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus and Credit Union will
mutually agree to any revisions made therein.

Credit Union further agrees to payment of Financial Educational Center expenses,
other than employee, custodial and electrical expenses as specified on Attachment

Page 2 of 18
