qd)

f)

3)

Susquehanna University business.

Susquehanna University shall have no responsibility for the security of any
Financial Education Center, other than to act in accordance with its customary
practices and procedures with respect to each Financial Education Center and its
property contained therein and shall not be responsible for the operation of any
Financial Education Center. However, Susquehanna University agrees to contact
Credit Union if security is breached during hours when Financial Education Center is
not open. Credit Union will provide a list of contact names & telephone numbers
for this purpose.

Susquehanna University may permit reasonable signage relating to the Financial
Education Center. Exact placement of signage shall be mutually agreed upon by
Susquehanna University and Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and
installed at Credit Union expense.

After installation of a Financial Education Center, Susquehanna University shall take
no action to cause it to fail to comply with any applicable federal, state or local
law, ordinance, rule and regulation, including, without limitation, the Americans
with Disabilities Act.

Subject to the terms of Section 7, Susquehanna University may promote to its
students and staff the existence of each Financial Education Center in such
manner and time as Susquehanna University may in its sole discretion determine.
Susquehanna University is specifically authorized and encouraged to do the
following: (i) distribute brochures (prepared and provided by Credit Union at its
sole cost and expense) to Susquehanna University students and staff, (ii) make
Financial Education Center specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar
promotions.

If Susquehanna University mails orientation material to incoming students prior to
their arrival on campus for orientation, Susquehanna University will work with the
Credit Union to facilitate insertion of marketing brochures and application
materials in the orientation package that is mailed to each incoming student.
These materials will be prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and
expense. Susquehanna University agrees that Credit Union will have an active role
in the orientation process that occurs on campus and will be afforded ample
opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is neither guaranteed nor
limited to the following:

+ The opportunity to participate in New Student Preview Days, including the
opportunity to address the students and students? families;

* The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the

Credit Union and Financial Education Center in the tour and educational
presentation to the students; and

Page 4 of 15
