Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union Work Plan

PSECU is pleased to submit our proposal to continue to Provide student and employee banking services,
as well as ATM services, on the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania campus.

PSECU is insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) that insures members?
deposits in our credit union up to the $250,000 federal limit. The fund is administered by the National
Credit Union Administration and is backed by the ?full faith and credit? of the United States. In
addition, PSECU is a participating Receiving Depository Financial Institution (RDFI) in the ACH Network
and accepts Direct Deposit through the Federal Reserve System.

On-Campus Service Center

PSECU is committed to continuing to operate a Financial Education Center on campus in the
Warren Student Services Center. Following the execution of the new contract, PSECU plans to
remodel our on-campus location with our new Center design and layout. Please see page 38 for
photographs of our newest on-campus Center design. PSECU will meet or exceed our staffing
model and will determine hours of operation for the center that will serve the University and
its students? needs. This may or may not include additional Peak time and evening hours
depending on operational and student needs.

Based on our business model, our Center will assist members of the Bloomsburg campus
community with managing their PSECU account. While the Center will not perform account
transactions, our staff will guide PSECU members in the use of our technology to securely
manage their financial dealings virtually anytime, anywhere. We're not about having a branch
on every corner. We're about giving members account access where it's most convenient for
them. Their living room. Their backyard. Their cell phone. By not spending money on branches,
we can give members competitive rates for loans and savings, as well as a host of low or no-
Cost services. Maintaining this model, we utilize our ATMs to act as the teller for cash and
check transactions through immediate access to deposited funds. Please refer to page 32 for
our Funds Availability Policy. PSECU maintains our centers with a great amount of flexibility,
allowing us to support the needs of a changing campus community. During peak account
opening times such as new student orientations, move-in days, etc., PSECU may provide
additional staff to assist students in establishing their PSECU accounts and to provide member

support.

Financial Education Center Staffing and the Value of the PSECU On-Campus

Internship Program

Following full execution of our contract, PSECU will hire a full time Community Manager, a
minimum of two (2) student assistant managers and a minimum of two (2) student interns.
Depending on operational needs, we often hire additional students to fill additional
Positions. The current center is staffed by three (3) student assistant managers and three (3)
student interns, all of which will be retained based on their scheduling and educational

needs.

Our student-staffed Financial Education Center would continue to support a location on the
Bloomsburg University campus where students, faculty and staff can go to for assistance with
managing their membership needs and receiving financial education support. In addition to
this outreach, student staff will continue to be afforded the opportunity of a unique
internship with PSECU. Employment at the PSECU on-campus Center offers an educational,
hands-on experience and challenges interns with marketing the products and services of an
over $4.6 billion financial institution. The role includes developing marketing strategies,
educating members about our self-service model, Presenting financial literacy education and
resolving member problems. All experiences gained during their time as interns and assistant

a ne eee ene is
BURFP -~- RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 5 of 38
