PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

f. Any assignment consented to by the Contracting Officer shall be evidenced by a written
assignment agreement executed by the Contractor and its assignee in which the assignee agrees to be
legally bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and to assume the duties, obligations, and
responsibilities being assigned.

g. A change of name by the Contractor, following which the Contractor?s federal tax
identification number remains unchanged, shall not be considered to be an assignment hereunder. The
Contractor shall give the Contracting Officer written notice of any such change of name.

12, COMPENSATION/INVOICES.

a. The Contractor shall be required to perform at the price(s) quoted in this Contract. All items
shall be performed within the time period(s) specified in the Contract. The Contractor shall be
compensated only for items supplied and performed to the satisfaction of the University. The Contractor
shall not be allowed or paid travel or per diem expenses except as specifically set forth in this Contract.

b. The Contractor shall send an itemized invoice to the address referenced on this Contract
promptly after items are satisfactorily delivered. The invoice should include only amounts due under this
Contract. This Contract number must be included on all invoices. In addition, the University shall have
the right to require the Contractor to prepare and submit a ?Work In Progress? sheet that contains, at a
minimum, the tasks performed, number of hours, hourly rates, and the purchase order or task order to
which it refers.

(ss Contractor may not impose a surcharge or demurrage for any reason, unless authorized by
the University in writing. Surcharges/demurrage charges not approved in writing shall not be paid if
invoiced, and the University shall not be liable for or penalized in any way for lack of payment.

d. Each invoice shall be itemized with detail deemed adequate by the University or it will be
returned as improper and the time for processing a payment will be suspended until the University receives
a correct invoice. In no instance shall any payment be made for services to the Contractor that are not in
accordance with the prices on the Purchase Order, this Contract, updated price lists or any discounts
negotiated by the University.

e. The University shall have the right to require the Contractor to prepare and submit a ?Work
In Progress? sheet that contains, at a minimum, the tasks performed, number of hours, hourly rate, and the
Purchase Order to which it refers.

13. PAYMENT.

a. The University shall put forth reasonable efforts to make payment by the required payment
date. The required payment date is: (a) the date on which payment is due under the terms of this Contract;
(b) thirty (30) days after a proper invoice actually is received at the ?Bill To? address if a date on which
payment is due is not specified in this Contract (a ?proper? invoice is not received until the University
accepts the service as satisfactorily performed); or (c) the payment date specified on the invoice if later
than the dates established by (a) and (b) above. Payment may be delayed if the payment amount on an
invoice is not based upon the price(s) as stated in this Contract. If any payment is not made within fifteen
(15) days after the required payment date, the University may pay interest as determined by the Secretary
of Budget in accordance with Act No. 266 of 1982 and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. Payment
should not be construed by the Contractor as acceptance of the service performed by the Contractor. The
University reserves the right to conduct further testing and inspection after payment, but within a
reasonable time after performance, and to reject the service if such post-payment testing or inspection
discloses a defect or a failure to meet specifications.

Page II of 32
