Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION
P; BB3.1
REV: JULY 2017

b. The University shall have the option of using the University purchasing card to make
purchases under this Contract or a Purchase Order. The University?s purchasing card is similar to a credit
card in that there will be a small fee that the Contractor will be required to pay and the Contractor will
receive payment directly from the card issuer rather than the University. Any and all fees related to this
type of payment are the responsibility of the Contractor. In no case will the University allow increases in
prices to offset credit card fees paid by the Contractor or any other charges incurred by the Contractor,
unless specifically stated in the terms of this Contract or a Purchase Order.

C The University may make contract payments through Automated Clearing House (ACH).

Within 10 days of award of this Contract or a Purchase Order, the Contractor must submit or must have
already submitted their ACH information to the University. The Contractor must submit a unique invoice
number with each invoice submitted. The unique invoice number will be listed on the University?s ACH
remittance advice to enable the Contractor to properly apply the University?s payment to the invoice
submitted. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to ensure that the ACH information provided to the
University is accurate and complete. Failure to maintain accurate and complete information may result in
delays in payments.
14. TAXKS. The University is exempt from all excise taxes imposed by the Internal Revenue Service
and has accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service to make tax free purchases under
Registration No. 23740001-K. With the exception of purchases of the following items, no exemption
certificates are required and none will be issued: undyed diesel fuel, tires, trucks, gas guzzler emergency
vehicles and sports fishing equipment. The University is also exempt from Pennsylvania state sales tax,
local sales tax, public transportation assistance taxes and fees and vehicle rental tax. The Department of
Revenue regulations provide that exemption certificates are not required for sales made to governmental
entities and none will be issued. Nothing in this section is meant to exempt a construction contractor from
the payment of any of these taxes or fees that are required to be paid with respect to the purchase, use,
rental, or lease of tangible personal property or taxable services used or transferred in connection with the
performance of a construction contract.

15. | INSURANCE. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, Contractor shall procure and
maintain during the term of this Contract, at its own expense, the following insurance coverage:

a. Worker?s compensation insurance as required by Pennsylvania law for all employees
engaged in work.
b. Commercial general liability insurance including coverage against any claims(s) that might

occur in carryout out this Contract. Minimum coverage shall be one million dollars ($1,000,000) liability
for bodily injury and property damage including products liability and completed operations.

C: Automobile liability insurance for all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles that are used
in carrying out this Contract. Minimum coverage shall be one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence
combined single limit for bodily injury and property damages per accident.

d. The University reserves the right to require higher or lower limits where warranted.

e. Upon request by the University, the Contractor is required to provide a Certificate of
Insurance from a company licensed to do business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with a
minimum AM Best rating of A-, and signed by an authorized agent. A minimum 60-day cancellation
notice is desired.

Page 12 of 32
