FIRST AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT TO THE

Financial Educational Center Agreement by and between
Elizabethtown College and Pennsylvania State Employee: dit Union

oT
THIS AMENDMENT, made and entered into this 2) day of Moug 2018 (the ?Effective
Date?), between Elizabethtown College, One Alpha Drive, Eliz agthtown, Sree see
(hereinafter referred to as ?College? or ?Licensor?), Federal ID #aA3S
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, 1500 Elmerton Ave, jake PA
17110, (hereinafter referred to as ?PSECU? or ?Licensee?), Federal ID #23-0961140.

WHEREAS, the parties entered into a Financial Educational Center Agreement effective June 12,
2015 (?Agreement?), and

WHEREAS, the Initial Term of the Agreement is scheduled to expire June 30, 2020 and both
parties desire to amend the Term of the Agreement in accordance with Section 3.b. of the

Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

1. Additional Term: The Additional Term of the Agreement shall be effective from July 1, 2020 to
June 30, 2022.

2. Additional Terms and Conditions: Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, all other
terms and conditions of the Agreement not modified in this First Amendment shall remain in full
force and effect and shall be considered incorporated herein as part of the Agreement. Said
Agreement and Attachments are attached hereto, and incorporated herein. The agreement of
the parties which is comprised of this First Amendment, Agreement and Attachments, sets forth
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties and supersedes any prior
agreement or understanding, written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this First
Amendment and the Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this First Amendment has been executed and delivered as of the date
set forth in the caption above.

Elizabethtown College Pennsylvania State Employees
Credit Union

Robi Hi s/s Sallie
Signature Date Signature

Robert M. Walle tt Barrova_\ Bowker

Name Name

UP. Adauat badirut Finae VP _of MarHenna + |
Title Tle MEMPEIN D D&NE\OOME

PSECU - Internal Use Only
