technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and relationships
with customers or vendors of PSECU, the products of any of them, and any performance results of
any of them. The KUF will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential
Information which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business with PSECU or
otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from PSECU following notice given to PSECU
by the KUF specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared
and the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Information received by
the KUF, or any PSECU-approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the
stated purpose of this Agreement except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by
applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as
herein stated shall survive termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, KUF agrees and promises
to destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from PSECU, including
any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice from PSECU to destroy such Information,
including any medium upon which or within which that Information resides. KUF agrees to
destroy all Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from PSECU, and any copies
made, not later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and KUF also agrees to
provide PSECU with written assurance of such destruction upon the written request of PSECU.
Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete
incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all
applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any

format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

17. SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, KUF
agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions,
or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of
PSECU or its members. KUF agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach,
the effect of the breach on PSECU, and any specific corrective action KUF will be taking in
response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to PSECU within 24 hours of recognition of

said breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

18. NOTICE. Copy of any notice must be provided to the Corporate Legal Services Department.
Acceptable notice: personal delivery, first-class or certified mail with return receipt requested or
overnight delivery. Not acceptable: facsimile or electronic message notice.

Address: Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
c/o Corporate Legal Services
1500 Elmerton Ave
Harrisburg, Pa 17110

19. NON-DISCRIMINATION. KUF and its subcontractor(s) shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR ??
60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified
individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit
discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take
affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

PSECU/KUF Sponsorship Agreement
Page 6 of 9
