Banking/Financial Services Requirements

PSECU is pleased to submit our proposal to continue to provide student and employee banking services,
as well as ATM services, on the Millersville University of Pennsylvania campus.

PSECU is insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) that insures members?
deposits in our credit union up to the $250,000 federal limit. The fund is administered by the National
Credit Union Administration and is back by the ?full faith and credit? of the United States government.
In addition, PSECU is a participating Receiving Depository Financial Institution (RDFI) in the ACH
Network and accepts Direct Deposit through the Federal Reserve System.

A. Range of Transactions/Features - PSECU Products and Services

Our vision is to use technology to provide consumer financial services to members virtually
anytime, anywhere. Our superior electronic delivery channels allow members the ability to
conduct their financial transactions at their convenience.

PSECU does not believe a member should pay to use their account. Therefore, members
appreciate our low- or no-fee philosophy. PSECU continues to provide a host of low- or no-fee
products and services to meet the growing needs of our members. We strive to be the most
affordable choice for consumers when it is time to select a financial institution.

University students, faculty and staff would incur little or no costs related to the products and
services associated with their PSECU account. Please refer to PSECU?s Cost Proposal for our
current Fee Schedule. As part of our relationship with Millersville, PSECU will deposit the initial
$5 minimum Share 1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into each
new Millersville member account.

PSECU is committed to delivering world class service by offering the products and services
listed below:

Free Checking - Despite industry trends, we still believe that our members should not be
charged usage fees or be required to carry a minimum balance in their checking account. While
we charge members a fee for non-sufficient funds, please refer to our Cost Proposal for details
on our Fee Schedule, this can be avoided if the member uses our free overdraft protection
transfer service.

? No monthly usage fee

* No minimum balance required

+ Free PSECU basic-style checks

+ Free overdraft protection transfer service

+ Annual Percentage Yield = 0.10%, Dividend = 0.10% (Rate valid as of 3/16/2017)

Visa? ATM/Debit Card - Over 65% of our members carry our Visa? debit card both nationally and
internationally.
+ ATMtransactions can occur on PSECU ATMs or any other ATM in the world, which

participate in the following networks: STAR? PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?,
MasterCard?, Discover? and Visa? networks

+ No card issuance or replacement fees

+ No account maintenance fees

* No transaction fees

RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

Technical Proposal | Page 7 of 34

