is being requested. Any Confidential Information received by University, or any
Contractor-approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the
stated purpose of this Agreement, except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions
listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompany regulations, and
(2) as required by applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive the
termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, University agrees and promises to
destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from Contractor,
including any copies, within a reasonable time following its receipt of written notice
from Contractor to destroy such Information, including any medium upon which or
within which that Information resides. Unless otherwise specifically agreed by
University and Contractor in a writing made a part of this Agreement between them,
University agrees to perform destruction not later than the date of termination of this
Agreement. University also agrees to provide Contractor with written assurance of
such destruction upon the written request of Contractor. Acceptable means of
destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any
applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all
applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Confidential Information is
readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing
and shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

37. CONTRACTOR NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACH. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, University agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security
resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or
information storage, that may pertain to any information of Contractor or its members.
University agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the effect
of the breach on Contractor, and any specific corrective action University will be taking
in response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to Contractor within 24 hours of
recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

38. CONTRACTOR NOTICE. Copy of any notice must be provided to the Corporate Legal
Services Department. Acceptable notice: personal delivery, first-class or certified mail
with return receipt requested or overnight delivery. Not acceptable: facsimile or
electronic message notice.

Address:

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
c/o Corporate Legal Services

1500 Elmerton Ave

Harrisburg, PA 17110

39. PARTIES NON-DISCRIMINATION. This Credit Union, the University, and any
subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60: 1.4(a), 60-300.S(a) and 60-
741.S(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based
on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit
discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or
national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and
subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment

Page 21 of 24

