procedures with respect to each Financial Educational Center and its property contained
therein, and shall not be responsible for the operation of any Financial Educational
Center. However, Elizabethtown College agrees to contact Credit Union if security is
breached in the Center during hours when any Financial Educational Center is not open.
Credit Union will provide a list of contact names and telephone numbers for this purpose.

e. Elizabethtown College may permit reasonable signage relating to the Financial
Educational Center. Exact placement of signage shall be mutually agreed upon by
Elizabethtown College and Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at
Credit Union expense.

f. After installation of a Financial Educational Center, Elizabethtown College shall take no
action to cause it to fail to comply with any applicable federal, state or local law,
ordinance, rule and regulation, including, without limitation, the Americans with
Disabilities Act.

g. Subject to the terms of Section 7, Elizabethtown College may promote the Credit Union
and the existence of each Financial Educational Center to its students and staff in such
manner and time as Elizabethtown College may in its sole discretion determine.
Elizabethtown College is specifically authorized and encouraged to do the following: (i)
distribute brochures (prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense)
to Elizabethtown College students and staff, (ii) make Financial Educational Center
specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar promotions.

h. If Elizabethtown College mails orientation material to incoming students prior to their
arrival on campus for orientation, Elizabethtown College will work with the Credit Union
to facilitate insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in the orientation
package that is mailed to each incoming student. These materials will be prepared and
provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense. Elizabethtown College agrees that
Credit Union will have an active role in the orientation process that occurs on campus,
and will be afforded ample opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is not limited to the following:

e The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

e The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the Credit
Union and Financial Educational Center in the tour and educational presentation to
the students; and

e Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Educational Center
in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

i. Elizabethtown College will permit Credit Union to conduct membership drives for
students and for their families. Strategies used by Credit Union for membership drives
can include but are not limited to the following:

e Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in exchange for
opening an account;

e Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership drive;

Page 4 of 15
