members are asked to complete a Visa? dispute form to permit PSECU to investigate
the dispute.

c. Cardholders notifying PSECU within two business days of learning of the loss or theft

: can lose no more than $50. (As opposed to many other financial institutions, PSECU
typically absorbs this cost). However, if cardholders do not notify PSECU within two
business days, and we can prove that we could have stopped someone from using the
PIN without the cardholder?s permission, then the cardholder?s loss could be as much
as $500.

d. If the cardholder?s statement of account shows transactions they did not make, the
cardholder is required to inform PSECU within 60 days after the statement was mailed
to them. If notice is not provided to PSECU within 60 days and we can prove the
fraudulent withdrawal could have been prevented if timely notice had been provided,
the cardholder may not be reimbursed for the amount of the fraudulent transaction.

E. ATM Deposit Availability
a. Deposits (via multiple deposit channels such as mobile deposits and ATM check and/or
cash deposits) for PSECU members shall be immediately available (see Funds
Availability Policy, page 29 for details).

7

. ATM Deposits to other Financial Institutions
a. Deposits may be made to other financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM, but
it is understood that the deposits to those institutions may not be available for
immediate withdrawal depending upon the funds availability policy set by the
institution that issued the card.

G. ATM Surcharges
a. PSECU does not surcharge for member or non-member deposits, but does surcharge
non-member withdrawal transactions at a rate of $1.50 at our Millersville campus ATMs
to offset the expense of the free services provided to our membership.

=x

. ATM Network Affiliation(s)

a. AlLATMs installed by PSECU on University property are affiliated with the STAR?,
PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks. In
addition, University student, faculty and staff PSECU members should incur little or no
cost related to the use of our ATMs on campus or in the community.

b. PSECU currently administers the CU$? surcharge-free ATM alliance, which offers over
1,000 surcharge-free ATMs to credit union members in Pennsylvania and 340 ATMs
outside Pennsylvania. PSECU is a member of the CO-OP Financial Services ATM
Network, which offers 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs nationwide to PSECU members. In
addition, PSECU cardholders may access any ATM affiliated with the STAR?, PLUS?,
Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks.

|. ATM Monthly Summary of Transactions
a. PSECU will continue to provide monthly reports to the University summarizing the
transaction activity and related incentives paid to the University. Please refer to
Attachment 1 for a sample of our monthly reports.

seein - eee ee - - - 2
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSE Gee

Technical Proposal | Page 6 of 34

