Within the past two years, PSECU has been awarded the contract for more than fourteen campus
Programs to provide personal banking services and/or on-campus ATMs. PSECU participated in the
competitive bid process with the following institution within the past two years and was not awarded
the contract: Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Please note, that this RFP for California University
requested PSECU to provide a list of at least three institutions in which we were not awarded the
contract, however, within that two-year period, only one institution fits that criteria.

Commitment to Safety and Security on the University Campus

PSECU strives to provide the safest and most secure working environment at our Financial Education
Centers on University campuses by abiding by our hiring practices and providing ongoing training to
support this commitment.

PSECU utilizes credit reports of candidates under consideration for hire. The information is requested
and reviewed at the conclusion of the interview process and before an offer is extended. All
candidates must be deemed credit worthy and bondable to proceed in the selection process. If the
credit report is acceptable and a conditional offer is accepted, then the criminal background check
process is initiated. PSECU conducts a national, state and county criminal background check prior to
finalizing any employment offers. Candidates must also pass the PA Child Abuse History Clearance and
Federal Criminal history (Fingerprinting) to continue employment.

PSECU is also committed to ensuring that all programs conducted on the University campus promote
the health, wellness, safety and security of minors under the age of eighteen who participate in these
programs. To ensure that this objective is met, PSECU has committed to the following provisions:

? PSECU will provide the University with the name(s) of the individual(s) who have primary and
direct operational responsibility for managing the Financial Education Center and all program
staff who may have direct contact, or otherwise oversee minors.

* PSECU will maintain a strict Code of Conduct to ensure the safety of minors who use the
Financial Education Center.

? Al PSECU staff who have any contact with the University campus are deemed mandated
reporters and are trained according to Pennsylvania law. All mandated reporters shall make an
immediate report of suspected child abuse or cause a report to be made if they have
reasonable cause to suspect that a child is a victim of child abuse.

e All authorized adults or program staff working with minors are required to be trained on
policies and issues related to minor health, wellness, safety, and security. This training will be
completed annually and may differ based on role. The program administrator can certify to the
University that all program staff has satisfactorily completed required training before being
allowed to use or lease University facilities.

PSECU acknowledges that it may be necessary from time to time to modify these pertaining to
protection of minors to comply with legislative or policy updates, including updates to policies of the
Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education. In such cases, the University will notify PSECU of the
necessary changes and they will be incorporated into an amendment to any agreement between PSECU
and the University.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 bee
