performance is delayed, state a reasonable estimate of the duration of the delay. The
Contractor shall have the burden of proving that such cause(s) delayed or prevented its
performance despite its diligent efforts to perform and shall produce such supporting
documentation as the Commonwealth may reasonably request. After receipt of such
notification, the Commonwealth may elect either to cancel the Contract or to extend
the time for performance as reasonably necessary to compensate for the Contractor?s
delay.

In the event of a declared emergency by competent governmental authorities, the
Commonwealth, by notice to the Contractor, may suspend all or a portion of the
Contract.

19. DEFAULT.

a. The Commonwealth may, subject to the provisions of Paragraph 18, Force
Majeure, and in addition to its other rights under the Contract, declare the
Contractor in default by written notice thereof to the Contractor, and
terminate (as provided in Paragraph 11, Termination of Agreement) the whole
or any part of this Contract for any of the following reasons:

1) Failure to begin work within the time specified in the
Contract or as otherwise specified;

2) Failure to perform the work with sufficient labor,
equipment, or material to insure the completion of the
specified work in accordance with the Contract terms;

3) Unsatisfactory performance of the work;

4) Failure or refusal to remove material, or remove and
replace any work rejected as defective or unsatisfactory;

5) Discontinuance of work without approval;

6) Failure to resume work, which has been discontinued,
within a reasonable time after notice to do so;

7) Insolvency or bankruptcy;
8) Assignment made for the benefit of creditors;
9) Failure or refusal within 10 days after written notice by the

Contracting Officer, to make payment or show cause why
payment should not be made, of any amounts due for
materials furnished, labor supplied or performed, for
equipment rentals, or for utility services rendered;

10) Failure to protect, to repair, or to make good any damage
or injury to property; or

11) Breach of any provision of this Contract.

b. In the event that the Commonwealth terminates this Contract in whole or in
part as provided in Subparagraph (a) above, the Commonwealth may procure,
upon such terms and in such manner as it determines, services similar or
identical to those so terminated, and the Contractor shall be liable to the
Commonwealth for any reasonable excess costs for such similar or identical
services included within the terminated part of the Contract.

_c. If the Contract is terminated as provided in Subparagraph (a) above, the
Commonwealth, in addition to any other rights provided in this paragraph,
may require the Contractor to transfer title and deliver immediately to the
Commonwealth in the manner and to the extent directed by the Issuing

Page 14 of 24
