5. Nothing herein contained is intended or shall be construed, in any manner whatsoever,
to authorize either of the parties hereto to make any commitments, undertake any assurances,
or incur any obligations on behalf of the other party hereto; and, except as is expressly set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree that they will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner
whatsoever, represent that they have been authorized by the other party hereto to incur any
obligations, undertake any assurances, or make any commitments whatsoever which shall be
binding upon the other party hereto. It is expressly understood and agreed that the parties
hereto are to be considered as separate and independent contracting parties and not as the
agents or principals of the other, except as is otherwise specifically stated herein.

6. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the express prior written
approval of the other. The construction of the Agreement shall, in all respects, be governed by
the laws of Pennsylvania and this Agreement shall be enforced in the Courts of said State and
no other.

ve Whenever any notice is required to be given in accordance with the terms of the
Agreement, said notice shall be construed to mean written notice, forwarded by Registered or
Certified Mail, addressed to each of the parties hereto at their respective principal places of
business with a duplicate copy to Contractor?s principal place of business addressed to ?
Corporate Legal Services?. The effective date of any such notice shall be the date of mailing
thereof, and such notice shall be evidenced by a Registered or Certified Receipt of the United
State Postal Authorities.

8. The College or the Contractor?s failure to or delay in exercising any right, or part thereof,
under this Agreement, shall not operate as a waiver thereof or in any way affect the College or
Contractor?s rights thereafter.

9, Confidential member information

Community College of Philadelphia agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that Credit Union is a
highly regulated financial institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its
operations and its member records, specifically any "Confidential Member
information". Confidential Member Information shall specifically include all non-public
member data, account or personal information, such as account numbers, access codes,
account ownership and names of account owners, account owner email addresses,
demographic information, and financial transactions conducted within those
accounts. Community College of Philadelphia will not sell, transfer or share with any third
parties any Confidential Member Information which it receives during the ordinary course of
conducting business with Credit Union or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent
from Credit Union following notice given to Credit Union by Community College of Philadelphia
specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and the
reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Member Information
received by Community College of Philadelphia, or any Credit Union-approved recipients, may
be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Member Information as herein stated shall survive
indefinitely the termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, Community College of
Philadelphia agrees and promises to destroy any Confidential Member Information that it has
Page 3

