e

f)

8

h

=

hours when Financial Education Center is not open. Credit Union will provide a list of
contact names and telephone numbers for this purpose.

The Foundation may permit reasonable signage relating to the Financial Education
Center. Exact placement of signage shall be mutually agreed upon by The Foundation
and Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at Credit Union expense.

The Foundation shall take no action to cause it to fail to comply with any applicable
federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule and regulation, including, without
limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act. . '

Subject to the terms of Section 7, The Foundation may promote to its students and
staff the existence of each Financial Education Center in such manner and time as The
Foundation may in its sole discretion determine. The Foundation is specifically
authorized and encouraged to do the following: (i) distribute brochures (prepared and |
provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense) to The Foundation students and
staff, (ii) make Financial Education Center specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct
similar promotions.

If The Foundation mails orientation material to incoming students prior to their arrival
on campus for orientation, The Foundation will work with the Credit Union to facilitate
insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in the orientation package
that is mailed to each incoming student. These materials will be prepared and provided
by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense. The Foundation agrees that Credit Union
will have an active role in the orientation process that occurs on campus and will be
afforded ample opportunity for such. |

An Active role is defined and can include, but is neither guaranteed nor limited to the
following:

* The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

* The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the Credit
Union and Financial Education Center in the tour and educational presentation to
the students; and

* Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Education Center in
any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

The Foundation will permit Credit Union to conduct membership drives for students and
for their families, as well as faculty and staff. Strategies used by Credit Union for
membership drives can include but are not limited to the following:

e Promotional items may be given during membership drives;

* Presentations to campus clubs and organizations; and

* Communications including mailings and/or emails to students, faculty and staff.

Page 4 of 16
PSECU - Confidential
