r ~ LED r 1 Si et
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Basketball game, played in the Bryce Jordan Center, PSECU will receive:
? One (1) minute of in-game LED signage exposure per game
e LED signage will rotate in thirty second (:30) increments
During each non-athletic BJC event, PSECU will receive:
? Four (4) minutes in-arena LED ribbon board signage for all approved events pre-event

Bryce Jordan Center ? Concourse TVs Digital Signage:
* Digital signage will be present ona minimum of twenty-six (26) digital screens in the concourse of the BIC
? Signage will be represented on Gate TVs, Concourse TVs, and Concession TVs
e Dimensions for TVs are approximately ~ Gate (55?), Concourse (42), Concession (42?)

Bryce Jordan Center ? Concession Cups and Napkins:
PSECU logo and graphic will be placed on souvenir or other mutually agreed upon cups sold during BJC events

? PSECU logo and graphic will be placed on napkins
e PSECU insignia will be present on the cups and napkins that are made available to patrons from the arena concession
stands
e Upto $10,000 annually in production costs to be financed by Penn State Sports Properties
Bryce Jordan ~ Concourse Display:

? Permanent Concourse Display

2 PSECU logo and signage will be placed on the concourse in an existing agreed upon area

? When approved by BIC, the tour, and the promoter, a table top display may be incorporated adjacent to or
near the area, up to 5? x 8? in space

o  Ifapproved by BJC, the tour, and the promoter, a table top display must provide patron/fan benefit and any
giveaway items to be approved by Penn State Sports Properties, BJC, the tour, and the promoter a minimum
of two weeks prior to events

? Display and signage to be financed by PSECU

Pegula Ice Arena ? Dasher Boards:
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Hockey game, played in the Pegula Ice Arena, PSECU will receive:
? ? Two (2) dasher boards; one per side of the ice in the Pegula Ice Arena Varsity Rink
Dasher boards are up to 3? x 9? and will be located in the best available location
Visible during all home, regular season Penn State Men?s & Women?s Ice Hockey games
Includes one (1) up to 3? x 9? dasher board in the Pegula Ice Arena Community Rink
Logo must be color on a white background
Initial production & installation for dasher boards in Pegula Ice Arena to be paid for by Provider. Any costs associated
with revisions to the dasher boards after installation to be the responsibility of PSECU.

Pegula Ice Arena ? Auxiliary Scoreboard Backlit Signage:

During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Hockey game, played in the Pegula Ice Arena, PSECU will receive:
e ? One (1) color logo on a blue or white background
s ? Signage will be 2? to 10?

Pegula Ice Arena ? Digital Sign
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Hockey game, played in the Pegula Ice Arena, PSECU will receive:
* Vidceoboard Logo Bug
? Logo bug visible on main video screen for one half of one (1) period during each regular season home game
e LED Ribbonboard
? Three (3) minutes of in-game LED signage exposure per game
? LED signage will rotate in thirty second (:30) increments

Rec Hall ? Static Signage:

During each athletic event at Rec Hall, PSECU will receive:
? ? Rec Hall Static Signage
2 One color (blue) logo placement in two (2) locations next to the west Concession Stands in Rec Hall
? Signage specs on size, graphics, material, and location are at the sole discretion of Penn State Athletics
? Initial production & installation for signage in Rec Hall to be paid for by PSECU. Any costs associated with
revisions after installation to be the responsibility of PSECU.
