1-8

1-9

1-11

1-13

PERTINENT DATES

Questions will be accepted on PASSHE?s eProcurement Exchange through 11:00AM
March 13, 2017.

Responses to questions will be posted by the University on the Exchange by 4:30PM
March 20, 2017.

Proposals must be submitted utilizing PASSHE?s eProcurement Exchange on or before
11AM, March 27,2017. Late submissions cannot be accepted.

PROPOSALS

To be considered, bidders must submit a complete response to this RFP using the format
provided in the Section IV titled, ?Information Required from Bidders?. Proposals must be
uploaded to PASSHE?s eProcurement Exchange (hitps://www.ebidexchange.com/PASSHE).
Proposals must be signed by an official authorized to bind the contractor to its provisions.
The proposal must be valid for at least 90 days. Contents of the successful bidder?s
proposal will become contractual obligations with the University.

COST DATA

All applicable cost data must be uploaded in a separate document from the bidder's
technical proposal. NO PRICING CAN APPEAR ANYWHERE IN THE TECHNICAL
PROPOSAL OR THE BIDDER MAY BE DISQUALIFIED. Note: Costs will be reviewed
only after the University has completed its review of the proposal.

ORAL PRESENTATIONS

Bidders who submit proposals may be required to make an oral presentation to further
clarify their proposals. The Issuing Office will schedule these presentations if necessary.
Presentation cost will be at no cost to the University.

DISCLOSURE OF PROPOSAL CONTENTS

Proposals will become part of the contract award resulting from this RFP and are not,
therefore, confidential. The University has the right to use any or all ideas presented in
any reply to the RFP. Selection or rejection of the proposal does not affect this right.

CONTRACT

Services are being sought for a five-year period through June 30, 2022. Banking center is
expected to be fully operational by August 28, 2017. The selected contractor will be
required to execute the Standard Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Contract (see
Appendix B). Contractor is expected to accept the terms found in the Standard Contract.
However, Contractor may submit any exceptions to the Standard Contract in its response
and include any contracts, orders forms, and terms/conditions for which the Supplier
requires signature. The following terms are NOT negotiable: Section 9: Assignment of
Antitrust Claims, Section 13: Contractor Responsibility, Section 14: Contractor Integrity
Provisions, Section 16: Assignability and Subcontracting, Section 20: Hold Harmless
Provision, Section 21: Contract Controversies, and Section 24: Applicable Law. NOTE:
NOTE: The Contractor's willingness to accept the Terms ?as is? will be an affirmative
factor in the evaluation of the Contractor's proposal.
