dates and times for installation of six ATMs in existing locations, or locations that will be
mutually agreed upon with the College.

E. Revenues and Fees

1. Revenue Sharing
Each Financial Institution should propose a revenue sharing plan.

Please provide a document that identifies projected revenues and costs
associated with the program.

Describe the additional opportunities that your institution would pursue in order to
generate additional revenue for the Financial Institution and the College.

PSECU response:
Please refer to our Cost Proposal for the outline of our commitment to the College.

2. Banking Account Informational Questions

What are the costs/fees associated with the banking accounts?

PSECU response:

Unlike many financial institutions, PSECU does not rely on fees to drive income.
Because we?re good stewards of our members? money, many of our members can
avoid paying fees by adopting good consumer behaviors. PSECU continues to
provide a host of low- or no-fee products and services to meet the growing needs of
our members. We strive to be the most affordable choice for consumers when it is
time to select a financial institution.

i. Account fees ? set-up, requesting a card, monthly service, and minimum
balance ? PSECU does not charge members for any of the services listed
as account fees. As part of our relationship with CCP, PSECU will deposit
the initial $5 minimum Share | (Regular Savings Account) balance
requirement for membership into each new CCP member account.

ii. Spend fees ? making a credit or debit transaction POS ? PSECU does not
charge members to make credit or debit Point-of-Sale (POS) transactions.

iii. Deposit fees ? depositing money by ATM, ACH, direct deposit or teller ?
PSECU does not charge our members to make deposits via any of our deposit
methods.

iv. Help fees and services - online help, voice help, live agent, or account or
balance inquiry - PSECU does not charge members to get the help they
need to manage their account.

v. Caution fees ? inactivity, card replacement, and overdraft ? please refer to
Attachment 10 for this information.

vi. Check fees ? cost to order checks and stop payments ? PSECU provides
members with Free PSECU custom wallet-style checks with other styles

35
