14. Representations and Warranties of The Foundation and Credit Union

a) The Foundation represents and warrants to Credit Union that, as of the date of this

b

a

Agreement:

1) The Foundation is a non-profit organization, existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Foundation is authorized to
conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses and
permits required to conduct business. The Foundation is in compliance with all
legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon institutions of higher
education in Pennsylvania.

2) The Foundation and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of The
Foundation have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement
shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of The Foundation. The Foundation
further states that is not acting in contravention to any rights or authority of The
Foundation by entering into this Agreement, nor is it the information or belief of
The Foundation that any permission is needed from said University prior to entering
into this Agreement. Whereas, The Foundation agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless Credit Union from any and all actions taken by said University, which are
directly related to performing under this Agreement.

The Foundation is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document
constitute a violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation to
any federal, state or other governmental agency which would materially and
adversely affect the financial condition or operations of The Foundation or
adversely affect its ability to perform under this Agreement.

5

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against The Foundation which would adversely affect its ability to perform under

the terms of this Agreement.

=

No information conveyed in any written statement from The Foundation to Credit
Union will, to the knowledge of The Foundation, contain any misstatement of
material fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of The
Foundation under this Agreement.

5

The Foundation will advise Credit Union if there are any changes in these
representations during the term of this Agreement.

6

Credit union represents and warrants to The Foundation that, as of the date of this
Agreement:

1) Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to conduct
its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses and permits
required to conduct business. The Credit Union is in compliance with all legislative
and regulatory requirements imposed upon credit unions in Pennsylvania.

Page 7 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

