|. University shall permit PSECU to conduct financial education seminars for the
campus community.

m. University shall provide a PSECU web link on the University website (once it is
determined by University that a website link will not constitute a Tier 2
relationship, as defined by the US Department of Education).

2. TERM OF CONTRACT. The term of the Contract shall commence on the Effective Date (as
defined below) and shall end five (5) years after the established effective date identified in the
Contract, subject to the other provisions of the Contract. The Effective Date shall be fixed by
the Contracting Officer after the Contract has been fully executed by the Contractor and
by the Commonwealth and all approvals required by Commonwealth contracting procedures
have been obtained. The Contract shall not be a legally binding contract until after the
Effective Date is affixed and the fully executed Contract has been sent to the Contractor. The
Contracting Officer shall issue a written Notice to Proceed to the Contractor directing the
Contractor to start performance on a date which is on or after the Effective Date. The
Contractor shall not start the performance of any work prior to the date set forth in the
Notice to Proceed and the Commonwealth shall not be liable to pay the Contractor for any
service or work performed or expenses incurred before the date set forth in the Notice to
Proceed. No agency employee has the authority to verbally direct the commencement of
any work under this Contract.

The Commonwealth reserves the right, upon notice to the Contractor, to extend the
term of the Contract for up to three (3) months upon the same terms and conditions. This
will be utilized to prevent a lapse in Contract coverage and only for the time necessary, up to
three (3) months, to enter into a new contract.

3. RENEWALS. This Contract is not subject to renewals.

4. COST OF AGREEMENT. It is understood that there will be no cost to the University associated
with this Agreement. The University will receive detailed ?Revenues and Fees? as outlined in
Attachment A to this Agreement. All payments and revenues shall be submitted to the
University Contract Administrator?s Office (KU Business Services).

5. COMPENSATION/EXPENSES. NOT APPLICABLE.
6. INVOICES. NOT APPLICABLE.

7. PAYMENT. NOT APPLICABLE.

8. TAXES. The Commonwealth is exempt from all excise taxes imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service and has accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service to make tax free
purchases under Registration No. 2374001-K. With the exception of purchases of the following
items, no exemption certificates are required and none will be issued: undyed diesel fuel, tires,
trucks, gas guzzler emergency vehicles and sports fishing equipment. The Commonwealth is
also exempt from Pennsylvania state sales tax, local sales tax, public transportation assistance
taxes and fees and vehicle rental tax. The Department of Revenue regulations provide that
exemption certificates are not required for sales made to governmental entities and none will
be issued. Nothing in this paragraph is meant to exempt a construction contractor from the
payment of any of these taxes or fees which are required to be paid with respect to the
purchase, use, rental, or lease of tangible personal property or taxable services used or
transferred in connection with the performance of a construction contract.

Page 5 of 22
