Amendment to the Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus Financial Educational
Center Agreement dated April 23rd, 2015
Between Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union &
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus

THIS AMENDMENT (the ?Amendment?), made this ae day of June, 2020 (?Amendment Effective
Date?), between the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, a Pennsylvania corporation having its
principal business offices at 1500 Elmerton Ave, Harrisburg, PA 17110 ("PSECU? or ?Credit Union?),
and Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus having its principal offices located at 2411 Rt.
715, Tannersville, PA 18372 (?NCCM?).

It is the desire of PSECU and NCCM who are the same parties to the ?Northampton Community
College, Monroe Campus Financial Educational Center Agreement?, along with any addenda and
exhibits, all of which were dated April 23rd, 2015, and were duly executed by representatives of the
aforementioned parties (referred to herein as the ?Agreement?), to amend the terms of the Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. The parties agree to extend the term of the Agreement for one year through June 30, 2021
(?Extended Term?).

2. For the Extended Term of the Agreement, the parties agree that Attachment B ? Part 2 of the
Agreement titled Other Payments is hereby deleted and replaced with Attachment B ? Part 2
attached hereto

3. For the extended term of the Agreement, the parties agree Attachment C titled Staffing
Overview and Salary Schedule is hereby deleted in its entirety.

All other provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Agreement to be
executed and sealed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.

Pennsylvania State Employees Northampton Community College,
Credit Union (PSECU) Monroe Campus (NCCM)

By: seltung) Qrer_ By: Jel =
Name: Barbara J. Bowker Name Sanz 4- D aca

Title, YP of Marketing tite: YP Frame 00S.

