c)

d)

e)

f)

g)

h)

Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have
access to each Financial Educational Center at all times for installing,
maintaining, servicing and operations and removing equipment of the Financial
Educational Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal
operations of SUSSI business.

SUSSI shall have no responsibility for the security of any Financial Educational
Center, other than to act in accordance with its customary practices and
procedures with respect to each Financial Educational Center and its property
contained therein, and shall not be responsible for the operation of any Financial
Educational Center. However, SUSSI agrees to contact Credit Union if security is
breached in the center during hours when Financial Educational Center is not
open. Credit Union will provide a list of contact names & telephone numbers for
this purpose.

SUSSI may permit reasonable signage relating to the Financial Educational
Center. Exact placement of signage shall be mutually agreed upon by SUSS! and
Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at Credit Union expense.

After installation of a Financial Educational Center, SUSSI shall take no action to
cause it to fail to comply with any applicable federal, state or local law,
ordinance, rule and regulation, including, without limitation, the Americans with
Disabilities Act as the law exists today. Any future law requiring compliance of
the Credit Union, but not the University, shall be exclusively the financial
responsibility of the Credit Union for the space the Credit Union occupies.

Subject to the terms of Section 7, SUSS! may promote to its students and staff
Credit Union and the existence of each Financial Educational Center in such

manner and time as SUSS! may in its sole discretion determine. SUSSI is

specifically authorized and encouraged to do the following: (i) distribute
brochures (prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense)
to Shippensburg University students and staff, (ii) make Financial Educational
Center specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar promotions.

If Shippensburg University mails orientation material to incoming students prior
to their arrival on campus for orientation, SUSSI will work with the Credit Union
to permit insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in the
orientation package that is mailed to each incoming student. These materials will
be prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense, SUSS!
agrees that Credit Union will have an active role in the orientation process that
occurs on campus, and will be afforded ample opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is not limited to the following:

e The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

e The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the

Credit Union and Financial Educational Center in the tour and educational
presentation to the students; and

Page 4 of 22
