Attachment A

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus Financial Educational

Center of Credit Union

Location. Dates and Hours of Operation

The center will be located in the Student Center located at One HACC Drive
Harrisburg, PA 17110. Dates and hours of operation will be determined on an as
needed basis. In the event of a renovation or new build project, a mutually
agreed upon space will be decided upon between Harrisburg Area Community
College, Harrisburg Campus and the Credit Union.

Purpose of Financial Educational Center

Teach Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus students, faculty
and staff about Credit Union services; promote Credit Union membership by
one-on-one interactions at the Financial Educational Center and telephone
contacts; demonstrate how to use automated delivery systems located in the
Financial Educational Center; Offer Students, Faculty and Staff a
comprehensive financial literacy program that can be used to promote
responsible monetary decision making throughout their lives. Assist those on
campus in the application process for Credit Union membership or services.

Expenses

Utilities - Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus shall bear
cost of all utilities except for telephone and data communications which shall be paid
by Credit Union. Janitorial services to include vacuuming and trash removal will be
provided during operating hours by Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg
Campus.

Insurance - Credit Union shall maintain insurance coverage typical of rented
space and employee bonding for the Financial Education Center upon opening.

Furniture, equipment, supplies, brochures, applications and literature provided
and paid by Credit Union.

Should a major renovation or building remodel occur at the Student Center
during the contract term that affects the location of the Financial Education
Center, PSECU will pay up to $5,000 in additional costs to be applied to the
renovation or building remodel of the PSECU rented space.

Page 14 of 17
