SECTION 18. NOTICES
SECTION 19. NON-DISCRIMINATION

EXHIBIT 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1. PSECU DUTIES. PSECU, as per Exhibit 1 attached herein and subject to the terms and conditions set
forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

a. PSECU agrees to accept inquiries from MUAA members via a toll-free telephone number
and electronically via the internet or other methods.

b. PSECU agrees to offer membership and a full array of financial services to Millersville
University alumni ("alumni") as PSECU would for any other eligible person who qualifies,
including but not limited to, share deposit accounts, ATM/POS debit card services, home
banking (online account access) via personal computers, remote deposit capabilities with
immediate availability on deposits per PSECU funds availability, Mobile banking service via
smart phone app, self-service telephone banking, auto and home equity loans, etc.
Fees charged to MUAA members shall not exceed PSECU's regular fee structure for its
members.

c. PSECU is responsible to ensure an effective process is in place for Alumni to apply for
Membership and for PSECU to track for incentive purposes. PSECU will, upon request,
provide alt materials applicable to the management and auditing of said process.

2. TERM. The Effective Date for this Agreement is July 1, 2017 and will end June 30, 2022.

3. TERMINATION. Under this Agreement, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
for convenience if the terminating party determines such action to be in its own best interest.
Such termination shall be effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the
other party. PSECU shall accept applications for MUAA members as within the PSECU field of
membership. PSECU retains all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information, which shall continue following termination of this Agreement.

4. EXPENSES. PSECU shall provide its services as specified in this Agreement at no cost to the MUAA.

5. TAXES. MUAA is exempt from all excised taxes imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and has
accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service (Tax !D#23-6005568).

6. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its performance of any
obligation under this Contract is prevented or delayed by causes beyond its control and without the
fault or negligence of either party. Causes beyond a party's control may include, but are not
limited to, acts of God or war, changes in controlling law, regulations, orders or the requirements
of any governmental entity, severe weather conditions, civil disorders, natural disasters, fire,
epidemics and quarantines, general strikes throughout the trade and freight embargoes.

7. HOLD HARMLESS PROVISION. Each party shall hold the other harmless from and indemnify against
any and all claims, demands and actions based upon or arising out of any activities performed by it
and its employees and agents under this Agreement and shall, at the request of the other party,
defend any and all actions brought against the other party based upon any such claims or
demands.

8. SEVERABILITY. Should any portion of this Agreement be determined by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to the maximum
extent to which it is valid and enforceable as determined by such court in such action, and the
remaining provision of the Agreement will, nevertheless, continue in full force and effect without
being impaired or invalidated in any way.

PSECU/MUAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 3 of 10
