g) Subject to the terms of Section 7, Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg

h

Campus may promote to its students and staff Credit Union and the existence of the
Financial Educational Center in such manner and time as Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus may in its sole discretion determine.
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus is specifically authorized
and encouraged to do the following: (i) distribute brochures (prepared and
provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense) to Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus students and staff, (ii) make Financial
Educational Center specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar promotions.

If Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus mails orientation material
to incoming students prior to their arrival on campus for orientation, Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus will work with the Credit Union to
facilitate insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in the
orientation package that is mailed to each incoming student. These materials will
be prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense. Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees that Credit Union will have an
active role in the orientation process that occurs on campus, and will be afforded
ample opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is not limited to the following:

e The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

e The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the
Credit Union and Financial Educational Center in the tour and educational
presentation to the students; and

e Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Educational
Center in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus will permit Credit Union to
conduct membership drives for students and for their families. Strategies used by
Credit Union for membership drives can include but are not limited to the following:

? Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in exchange
for opening an account;

e Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership drive;

e Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a monetary
reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

e Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA laws

and regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be delivered and
mail them through the College mail room.

Page 5 of 17
