(the ?Terminating Party?) may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial
Educational Centers (the ?Terminated Financial Educational Center?) at any time for

any or no reason, as follows:

1) The Terminating Party shall send not less than 90 days written notification
(?Termination Notice?) to the other party indicating the intent to terminate the
Agreement as to the Financial Educational Centers specified in the Termination
Notice and specifying the effective date of such termination (?Closing Date?).

Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Educational
Centers until the Closing Date.

2

Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Educational Center shall be
effective on the date that the Terminated Financial Educational Center is closed
by Credit Union, and Credit Union shall operate the Terminated Financial
Educational Center until the date of such closure. Credit Union shall not be
obligated nor have the right to operate such Financial Educational Center after the
Closing Date. Until the Closing Date of the Terminated Financial Educational
Center, all terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with
respect to such Terminated Financial Educational Centers.

3

4. Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation

a) Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month for
the preceding month, the following rent (?Rent?) starting when the Financial
Education Center opens, on a pro-rated basis, so long as this Agreement is in full force

and effect:
e $400 per month

? Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per
annum for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.

All employees described in Attachments A and/or B shall be employees of the Credit
Union and shall not be employees of Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg

Campus.

b

Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachment B.
Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be provided
to Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus.

c

The terms of Attachments A and/or B will be reviewed on an annual basis. Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus and Credit Union will mutually agree to
any revisions made therein. In the absence of a mutual agreement, the terms remain
as stated in the initial contract.

d

e) Credit Union further agrees to payment of Financial Educational Center telephone and
data communication expenses, as specified on Attachment A.

f) Credit Union agrees to other specific terms of operation (dates, hours & work

Page 2 of 17
