20.

Union's designated representative during reasonable business hours. Credit Union's right to
audit shall extend for a period of one year after termination of the Agreement. The
Foundation shall include in all subcontracts to the Agreement a like provision under which
Credit Union shall have the above referenced rights.

. Security Breach Notice

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, The Foundation agrees to fully
disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any
loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of
Credit Union or its members. The Foundation agrees to report the date, time, and manner
of any such breach, the effect of the breach on Credit Union, and any specific corrective
action The Foundation will be taking in response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to
the Credit Union within 24 hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information
or information storage.

. Confidentiality Clause

The Foundation agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that Credit Union is a highly
regulated financial institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its
operations and its member records, specifically any "Confidential Member Information?.
Confidential Member Information shall specifically include all non-public member data,
account or personal information, such as account numbers, access codes, account owners
and names of account at owners, account owners email addresses, demographic
information, and financial transactions conducted within those accounts .The Foundation
will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Member Information
which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business with Credit Union or
otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from Credit Union following notice given
to Credit Union by The Foundation specifying exactly what information is to be shared and
with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any
Confidential Member Information received by The Foundation, or any Credit Union-
approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Member Information as herein stated shall survive
indefinitely the termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, The Foundation agrees and
promises to destroy any Confidential Member Information that it has received or obtained
from Credit Union, including any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice from
Credit Union to destroy such information including any medium upon which or within which
that information resides. The Foundation agrees to destroy all Confidential Member
Information that it has received or obtained from Credit Union, and any copies made, not
later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and The Foundation also agrees to
provide Credit union with written assurance of such destruction upon the written request
of Credit Union. Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any paper
copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs and
complete deletion of applicable electronic copies and backups so that no information is
readable or reproducible in any format.

Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be

Page 9 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

