PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01
PASSHE-BB-3
REV: JULY 2017

16. CONTRACTOR REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS.

a. WARRANTY: The Contractor warrants that all items furnished and all services performed
by the Contractor, its agents and subcontractors shall be free and clear of any defects in workmanship or
materials and comply with all applicable safety requirements under applicable law, including OSHA
Standards. Unless otherwise stated in this Contract, all items are warranted for a period of one year
following delivery by the Contractor and acceptance by the University. The equipment manufacturer?s
standard warranty shall apply as a minimum and must be honored by the Contractor. The Contractor shall
repair, replace or otherwise correct any problem with the delivered item. When an item is replaced, it shall
be replaced with an item of equivalent or superior quality without any additional cost to the University.

b. PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY: The Contractor warrants
that it is the sole owner or author of, or has entered into a suitable legal agreement concerning either: a)
the design of any product or process provided or used in the performance of this Contract that is covered
by a patent, copyright, or trademark registration or other right duly authorized by state or federal law or
b) any copyrighted matter in any report document or other material provided to the University under this
Contract. ?I'he Contractor shall defend any suit or proceeding brought against the University on account of
any alleged patent, copyright or trademark infringement in the United States of any of the products
provided or used in the performance of this Contract. This is upon condition that the University shall
provide prompt notification in writing of such suit or proceeding; full right, authorization and opportunity
to conduct the defense thereof; and full information and all reasonable cooperation for the defense of
same. As principles of governmental or public law are involved, the University may participate in or
choose to conduct, in its sole discretion, the defense of any such action. If information and assistance are
furnished by the University at the Contractor?s written request, it shall be at the Contractor?s expense, but
the responsibility for such expense shall be only that within the Contractor?s written authorization. The
Contractor shall indemnify and hold the University harmless from all damages, costs, and expenses,
including attorney?s fees that the University may pay or incur by reason of any infringement or violation
of the rights occurring to any holder of copyright, trademark, or patent interests and rights in any products
provided or used in the performance of this Contract. If any of the products provided by the Contractor in
such suit or proceeding are held to constitute infringement and the use is enjoined, the Contractor shall, at
its own expense and at its option, either procure the right to continue use of such infringing products,
replace them with non-infringing equal performance products or modify them so that they are no longer
infringing. If the Contractor is unable to do any of the preceding, the Contractor agrees to remove all the
equipment or software that is obtained contemporaneously with the infringing product, or, at the option
of the University, only those items of equipment or software that are held to be infringing, and to pay the
University: 1) any amounts paid by the University towards the purchase of the product, less straight line
depreciation; 2) any license fee paid by the University for the use of any software, less an amount for the
period of usage; and 3) the pro rata portion of any maintenance fee representing the time remaining in any
period of maintenance paid for. The obligations of the Contractor under this section continue without time
limit. No costs or expenses shall be incurred for the account of the Contractor without its written consent.

Cc. COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES: The Contractor warrants that no person
or selling agency has been employed or retained to solicit or secure this Contract upon an agreement or
understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee, except bona fide employees or
bona fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Contractor for the purpose of
securing business. For breach or violation of this warranty, the University shall have the right to terminate
this Contract without liability or in its discretion to deduct from this Contract price or consideration, or
otherwise recover the full amount of such commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee.

Page 13 of 32
