THIS AFFINITY SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?), is entered into the 1* day of
October, 2017, (the ?Effective Date") by and between West Chester University Alumni Association,
with a mailing and physical address of, West Chester University Alumni Association, 202 Carter Drive,
West Chester, PA 19382, (hereafter referred to as ?WCUAA"), and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit
Union, with a mailing address of, PO Box 67013, Harrisburg, PA 17106-7013 and physically located at 1500
Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110-2900 (?PSECU?) (together, the ?Parties?, or individually, a
?Party?).

WHEREAS, the WCUAA desires to promote products and services offered by PSECU; and,

WHEREAS, WCUAA will provide PSECU with promotional/marketing opportunities which are
commensurate with being an exclusive sponsor for such events, including the opportunity to speak
to attendees/participants at all events.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND WCUAA. PSECU and WCUAA, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

a) PSECU & WCUAA agree to meet a minimum of annually and not less than 30 days prior to the
contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan for the
upcoming contract year, The marketing and outreach plan is intended to focus on tactical
ways to reach members of the WCUAA for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts agreed
upon for the year will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products
and services to members of the WCUAA. PSECU will compensate WCUAA for new
memberships and products and services generated through these marketing and outreach
efforts that are qualified for PSECU membership through WCUAA eligibility. Detail of the
compensation schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or
inclusive of: email on behalf of PSECU to the WCUAA members or targeted portions of the
WCUAA, social media posting or linking of PSECU material or commentary on social media,
co-branding of printed material, co-branded give away, inclusion of articles or marketing in
e-newsletters, advertisement or links on the WCUAAs website, mailings sent to WCUAA
members, mailing lists provided by the WCUAA, marketing material at WCUAA events,
attendance at WCUAA events, listing PSECU as an alumni benefit in printed material, PSECU
listed as event sponsor for major alumni events.

b

Ral

c) WCUAA shall not deny PSECU reasonable marketing access to its members.

WCUAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks),

logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the ?IP") of

each respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may

not be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-pasted to any Website, EGE
framed, deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior

written permission of the owner of such IP.

Detomigee. 31, 2021
2. TERM. The Effective Date for this Agreement is October 1, 2017 and will end en La

3, TERMINATION. Under this Agreement, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
for convenience if the terminating party determines such action to be in its own best interest.
Such termination shall be effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the
other party. PSECU shall accept applications for WCUAA members as within the PSECU field of
membership. PSECU retains all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information, which shall continue following termination of this Agreement.

d

4, CONFIDENTIALITY. WCUAA and PSECU agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that WCUAA has a
responsibility for confidentiality of its member?s data and PSECU is a highly regulated financial

PSECU/WCUAA Affinity Sponsorship Agreement
Page 1 of 6

i
|
