e  Plinko?

e Bet Your Assets
e Crossword

e Kahoot! ? games

Worksheets
e Budgeting Worksheet

e Off-campus Living Worksheet

Additional Features to Enhance Student/Employee Financial Services

PSECU continues to embrace new technologies and is committed to ongoing research of the trends
within the financial services industry. Our President, Greg Smith, participates in a roundtable
exclusively for large credit unions. Senior Management, as well as other key staff regularly attend
various conferences and workshops that allow us to stay on top of industry trends and current

technologies.

The items listed below are just some examples of the products and services PSECU has either deployed
to our membership or is considering to expand upon our services, not only as payment mechanisms for
cardholders, but as savings and security tools to guide members along the path to responsible money
management.

On-Campus Mobile App
PSECU is in the final testing phases of our own internally developed mobile app built to help

communicate our activities on campus, including PSECU-sponsored events and financial literacy
workshops, to the students and faculty of our partner schools.

Savings Mobile App

PSECU has released our own internally developed mobile app built to provide members with an easily
accessible tool to manage saving efforts with a specific goal in mind, such as a vacation or a down
payment for a car.

Mobile Payments
PSECU is also researching the use of handheld devices as a new payment channel. We envision the use

of handheld devices in a closed loop system as a means to gain knowledge of consumer acceptance.

PSECU Security and Notification to Members

PSECU relies on a proactive stance to protect our member accounts in the event that credit or debit
card information is compromised. PSECU investigates the compromise and takes the necessary steps to
close and reissue affected cards in order to provide excellent service to our members. PSECU, as a
matter of standard practice, monitors account activity as part of its fraud prevention and detection
practices. In many instances, PSECU becomes aware of fraudulent activity on cards before the
cardholder is aware of their lost, stolen or otherwise compromised card. In those instances, PSECU may
prevent further access to the member?s account via the card until we can validate the transactions

with the cardholder.

We pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for our members. PSECU
utilizes multifactor authentication as an additional online security provision that employs different
forms of verification before allowing access to secured information.

PSECU is committed to protecting our members? financial information and provides e-Alerts (via email
or text message) which allow our members to be notified of account activity and reminders on their
account. By keeping members informed, PSECU provides the information needed to be aware of
potential fraudulent situations.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 2s |
