Personnel

PSECU promotes a quality, safe and healthy work environment and affords equal opportunity, respect
for individuals and their rights and freedoms, and compensates its employees at an above-average rate
in the not-for-profit credit union industry. These principles are best exemplified in PSECU?s corporate
operating principles: ?We Operate with PRIDE- Partnership, Reliability, Improvement, Dedication, and
Ethics.? PSECU utilizes staff talent and interest to become actively involved in the campus community,
providing financial and human capital resources for the betterment of the campuses we serve.

Direct support for the administration of the University Program will come from the Senior Director of
Membership Development, Director of University Development, University Development Manager and
two program Administrative Managers. Direct support for the marketing, research and
communication of the program will come from the Director of Marketing and Communication,
Director of Research and Database, Public Relations Director, Senior Marketing Manager, a Marketing
Manager, Creative Manager and Digital/Web Manager. In addition, the Vice President of Marketing
and Membership Development is highly involved in the strategic direction of the University Program.

The proposed team members from PSECU that would have direct involvement and oversee this
project include the key individuals listed below. With over 320 combined years of service at PSECU,
these professionals offer extensive knowledge and experience, which provides a great benefit to the
relationship. All PSECU individuals listed work out of our Main Office located in Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania with the exception of the Bloomsburg Community Manager who will work out of the
Bloomsburg University Financial Education Center.

Their brief summary resumes are included below.

Gregory A. Smith, PSECU President

Greg Smith has worked for credit unions for over 40 years, including serving as President and CEO of
Michigan State University Federal Credit Union for three years. As PSECU President, his
responsibilities include general administrative oversight of the credit union. Greg?s understanding of
technology and his quest for finding ways to improve overall credit union productivity have
contributed to numerous RFPs for various projects. He has specifically reviewed many of the RFPs for
PSECU?s existing campus locations. Greg serves on the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association Board,
the Credit Union Executive Society?s Board of Directors, the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association
State Advisory Council and the Pennsylvania Credit Association Regulatory Review Board. Greg has 25
years of service with PSECU.

Barbara J. Bowker, PSECU Vice President, Marketing and Membership Development

In addition to Marketing, Barb Bowker has held a number of positions in various departments ranging
from Information Technology to Member Services. As Vice President of Marketing and Membership
Development, she oversees the marketing and communication efforts for the credit union and
devises strategies to position PSECU in the marketplace. In addition, she oversees Membership
Development, which includes the University Development and Business Development programs. Barb
oversees the RFP responses related to the University Development program. Her career at PSECU has
afforded her the opportunity to become very involved in the community. Barb currently serves as
Chair of the Capital Region American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Board and is
Treasurer of the Harrisburg Regional Chamber of Commerce Board. She also serves on the boards of
Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education Foundation, Pennsylvania Chamber of Business and
Industry, and the Chamber of Business and Industry of Centre County. Barb holds a Bachelor of
Science in Business Administration from Shippensburg University. A 2012 graduate of Leadership
Harrisburg, she has 29 years of service with PSECU.

= sic a Den ee rie ee a as eo
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEG@E

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 21 of 38
