4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against SUSS] which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the
terms of this Agreement.

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from SUSS! to Credit Union
will, to the knowledge of SUSSI, contain any misstatement of material fact in
connection with this Agreement and the obligations of SUSSI under this
Agreement.

6) SUSSI will advise Credit Union if there are any changes in these representations
during the term of this Agreement.

b) Credit Union represents and warrants to SUSS! that, as of the date of this
Agreement:

1) Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to
conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses
and permits required to conduct business. The Credit Union is in compliance
with all legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon credit unions in
Pennsylvania.

2) Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit
Union, have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this
Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of Credit Union.

3) Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this
document constitute a violation with respect to any order of any
court or any regulation of any federal, state or other governmental
agency which would materially and adversely affect the financial
condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely affect its ability
to perform under this Agreement.

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under
the terms of this Agreement.

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to SUSS!
will, to the knowledge of Credit Union, contain any misstatement of material
fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of Credit Union
under this Agreement.

6) Credit Union will advise SUSSI if there are any changes in these representations
during the term of this Agreement.

15. Notices
All notices, consents, requests and demands to or upon the parties which are required

or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been given or
made when delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the United States

Page 8 of 22
