XHIBIT A

TO MARKETING & SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
PENNSYLVANIA STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION
AND
PENN STATE SPORTS PROPERTIES, LLC

BENEFITS

Intellectual Property Rights:

Intellectual Property Rights throughout the Term of the Agreement

Rights may be exercised throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and on the intemet, social media and digital
channels

Rights to the Penn State Athletic mark, Bryce Jordan Center mark, official text, and protected images as set forth on
Schedule A to this Exhibit A, as may be modified by the Parties from time to time.

Rights are for association and promotional purposes only and all uses must be pre-approved by Provider and the Penn
State Office of Licensing Programs a minimum of two-weeks prior to implementation. No items or message bearing
the Penn State name or mark may be produced without pre-approval from PSU/Provider

Any products or premium items bearing the Penn State mark, for sale or free distribution, must be approved by the
Penn State Office of Licensing Programs and will carry a licensing royalty fee as assigned by each licensed product
vendor

Opportunity to conduct up to six (6) promotions per academic year, three (3) for athletics and three (3) for the Bryce
Jordan Center. Promotions may incorporate enter to win or other fan engaging components. Must be mutually agreed
upon and conducted once per semester of the academic calendar (Fall, Spring, Summer)

Any production or associated costs for any displays or activation materials are at the responsibility of PSECU and are
separate from this Agreement

?Official? Designation:

PSECU will receive the following designation for recognition during each Athletic Year of the Term:

PSECU, ?Official Corporate Partner? of Penn State Athletics

PSECU, ?Official Corporate Partner? of Penn State Football

PSECU, ?Official Corporate Parmer? of the Bryce Jordan Center

Rights to promote the Penn State Alumni Association designations (?The Official Credit Card of The Penn State
Alumni Association? and ?The Official Financial Services Provider of The Penn State Alumni Association?) and the
Penn State Alumni Association/PSECU credit card in Penn State Athletic venues.

Rights to promote PSECU?s brand and other PSECU products that are not Restricted Products (defined below) in Penn
State Athletic venues. PSECU to receive approval on non-restricted product promotion from PSSP/Penn State Athletics
prior to implementation.

Category Exclusivity:

PSECU, in accordance with this Agreement, will receive the following category exclusivity rights:

For the Term of this Agreement, Sponsor shall be the only ?Retail & Institutional Bank or Credit Union? which will be
recognized on all Penn State Athletics Department controlled mediums including static & rotating signage, LED digital
signage, videoboard, PA reads, message center, displays, on-field/on-court/on-ice promotions, and social media
channels during Penn State Athletics Department controlled regular season athletic events in Penn State Athletic
controlled venues and Department controlled media, including, Beaver Stadium, Bryce Jordan Center, Pegula Ice
Arena, Rec Hall, Multi-Sport Facility, Penn State Athletics Social Media (IE. Facebook, Twitter, etc.). PSECU shall
also be the only ?Retail & Institutional Bank or Credit Union? which may utilize the Penn State Athletics Intellectual
Property Rights as described above.
For the Term of this Agreement, Sponsor shall be the only ?Retail & Institutional Bank or Credit Union? which will be
recognized on any Bryce Jordan Center controlled mediums including, but not limited to, static & rotating signage,
LED digital signage, videoboard, PA reads, message center, displays, and promotions during Bryce Jordan Center
controlled non-athletic events in the Bryce Jordan Center. PSECU shall also be the only ?Retail & Institutional Bank
or Credit Union? which may utilize the Bryce Jordan Center Intellectual Property Rights as described above.
For the avoidance of doubt and clarification, during the Term, Provider may not provide to retail banks or credit unions
sponsorship benefits that market any of the following services:

co Brokerage Services, Financial Planning Services, Mortgage Loans & Services, and Commonwealth of

Pennsylvania Treasury Programs.

However, Provider may continue to provide to any other financial institutions (other than retail banks or credit unions)
sponsorship benefits that market any of the above services.
