PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3. |
REV: JULY 2017

negotiations or during the term of this Contract, to include any extensions thereof.
Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer in writing of any actions
for occurrences that would result in a violation of these Contractor Integrity provisions.
Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the reasonable costs of
investigation incurred by the Office of the State Inspector General, the University and
the Commonwealth for investigations of the Contractor?s compliance with the terms of
this or any other agreement between the Contractor and the Commonwealth that results
in the suspension or debarment of the Contractor. Contractor shall not be responsible
for investigative costs for investigations that do not result in the Contractor?s
suspension or debarment.

9) Contractor shall cooperate with the Office of the State Inspector General, the University
and the Commonwealth in any investigation of any alleged Commonwealth agency or
employee breach of ethical standards and any alleged Contractor non-compliance with
these Contractor Integrity provisions. Contractor agrees to make identified Contractor
employees available for interviews at reasonable times and places. Contractor, upon
the inquiry or request of a Commonwealth investigator, shall provide, or if appropriate,
make promptly available for inspection or copying, any information of any type or form
deemed relevant by the investigating Commonwealth agency to Contractor's integrity
and compliance with these provisions. Such information may include, but shall not be
limited to, Contractor's business or financial records, documents or files of any type or
form that refer to or concern this Contract. Contractor shall incorporate the obligations
set forth in this section in any agreement, contract or subcontract it enters into in the
course of the performance of this Contract solely for the purpose of obtaining
subcontractor compliance with this provision. The incorporation of this provision in a
subcontract shall not create privity of contract between the University and any such
subcontractor, and no third party beneficiaries shall be created thereby.

10) For violation of any of these Contractor Integrity provisions, the University may
terminate this and any other contract with Contractor, claim liquidated damages in an
amount equal to the value of anything received in breach of these provisions, claim
damages for all additional costs and expenses incurred in obtaining another contractor
to complete performance under this Contract, and debar and suspend Contractor from
doing business with the Commonwealth. These rights and remedies are cumulative,
and the use or non-use of any one shall not preclude the use of all or any other. These
rights and remedies are in addition to those the Commonwealth may have under law,
statute, regulation, policy or otherwise.

34. COMMONWEALTH EMPLOYEE ETHICS.

a. The Commonwealth Procurement Code, 62 Pa.C.S. ? 101 et seq., provides that any attempt
by a Commonwealth employee to realize personal gain through public employment by conduct
inconsistent with the proper discharge of the duties of the employee is a breach of a public trust and that
Commonwealth employees must avoid conflict of interest or improper use of confidential information. 62
Pa. C. S. ? 2302(a).

b. Pursuant to the Public Official and Employee Ethics Act ("Ethics Act"), 65 Pa.C.S. ?1101
et seq., subject to certain statutory exceptions, "public officials" or "public employees" as defined by the
Ethics Act, 65 Pa.C.S. ?1102, are prohibited from: a) using the authority of their public positions to obtain

Page 26 of 32
