explanation of this Policy. Assistance in accomplishing these tasks may be obtained
by contacting Shippensburg University's VP of Student Affairs or legal counsel. It is
the obligation of each employee, student, and those with a contractual relationship
with SUSSI to adhere to this Policy.

Procedures

The President of SUSSI or his/her designee shall investigate complaints filed in
accordance with SUSSI's Policy against sexual harassment in compliance with,
without limitation, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 which prohibits sex
discrimination in education, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 which prohibits sex
discrimination in employment, the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, and their
underlying regulations. SUSSI's President will hear and investigate all complaints
lodged that fall within the aforementioned areas. Complaints against the President of
SUSSI will be reported to and investigated by Shippensburg University's VP of
Student Affairs.

SUSSI's President will report to the Shippensburg University VP of Student Affairs all
complaints filed. Any written complaints filed will be reported to SUSS!'s legal
counsel. SUSSI's President will work with Shippensburg University's VP of Student
Affairs or legal counsel while investigating a complaint. ?

SUSSI's President shall within (15) fifteen working days of receiving a complaint
notify the complainant of either the status of the investigation or the results of the
investigation. Until the investigation is concluded and a determination has been
made, SUSSI?s President will provide a status report of the investigation to the
complainant every (15) fifteen working days.

Consequences

SUSSI will not tolerate any form of discrimination and will take appropriate
disciplinary action, including possible termination, of any person determined to have
engaged in unlawful conduct with the Policy.

No Retaliation

SUSSI will not retaliate or discriminate against any employee, applicant, student, or a
contractor because he or she has opposed any unlawful practice or filed a charge of
discrimination, testified, assisted, or participated in any manner in an investigation,
proceeding, or hearing related to unlawful practices.

SUSSI Board
Reviewed and Approved: Date: April 4, 2014

Page 22 of 22
