parameters) as specified on Attachment A.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a)

b

fai

d

e

~~

f)

Credit Union shall maintain the Financial Educational Center in accordance with its
best practices and procedures. Credit Union's operation of the Financial
Educational Center shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws,
ordinances, rules and regulations. Credit Union shall bear all costs of such
operation.

Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Educational Center equipment,
furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and scope of the
operation of the Financial Educational Center. Harrisburg Area Community College,
Harrisburg Campus shall provide all building and preventative maintenance and
repair of capital equipment owned by the college. Credit Union will bear full
expense for repairs or replacement of equipment where negligence of the Credit
Union is indicated. At Credit Union's expense, Credit Union shall be solely
responsible for the maintenance costs of each Financial Educational Center, and the
costs of all telephone and data communications necessary for the operation of the
Financial Educational Center.

Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that each
Financial Educational Center is operational during the stated business hours of the
Financial Educational Center, which efforts shall include dispatching service
personnel, making repairs and replacements, and monitoring data line problems.

Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit
Union or any wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union. Credit Union may
employ independent contractors for construction and/or maintenance purposes.

Credit Union agrees to provide and to install and maintain, at no expense to
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus, the conduit and electrical,
computer, telephone and other lines which serve the Financial Educational
Center, as well as any and all other facilities or equipment which may be
necessary or appropriate for the installation, operation and maintenance of the
Financial Educational Center. The appearance, location and all other
features and characteristics of the lines, facilities and equipment serving the
Financial Educational Center will be mutually agreed upon by Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus and Credit Union.

Location and Number of ATMs:

The location of the ATM(s) shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties. ATM security
and transaction monitoring will be the responsibility of the Credit Union. The ATM(s)
may be relocated if service volume (transactions) is not commensurate with
established trends in campus communities of similar size and upon the mutual
agreement of both parties. The party requesting relocation will be bear the cost
thereof including related equipment and installation. Requests for relocation must be
made no less than forty five days (45) prior to the desired relocation date. This section

Page 3 of 17
