SUSSI] is an equal opportunity entity subject to regulation by various statutes
including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1975, Title VI and Title VII of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, The Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pennsylvania Human
Relations Act, and their underlying regulations. Accordingly, SUSSI will not tolerate
discrimination on the basis of age, color, gender, national origin, race, religion,
disability, veteran?s status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. SUSSI's prohibition
against harassment applies to all employees, volunteers, students, vendors, and

contractors.

SUSS] also prohibits retaliation against any party for participating in a discrimination
investigation. Retaliation includes any adverse treatment that is reasonably likely to
deter a complainant or any other individual from filing a complaint alleging
discrimination or from participating in an investigation of a discrimination complaint.

Page 2

Responsibilities

Any employee, student, contractor, or vendor who believes that he or she may have
experienced discrimination based on a protected status should promptly report the
incidents to The President of SUSS!. Reports may be written or verbal. The
President of SUSSI will report to the Shippensburg University?s VP of Student Affairs
any complaint filed that alleges discrimination as defined in this Policy.

The President of SUSSI is responsible for the implementation, dissemination, and
explanation of this Policy. Assistance in accomplishing these tasks may be obtained
by contacting Shippensburg University's VP of Student Affairs or legal counsel. It is
the obligation of each employee, student, and those with a contractual relationship
with SUSSI to adhere to this Policy.

Procedures

The President of SUSSI or his/her designee shall investigate complaints filed in
accordance with SUSSI's Policy against discrimination based on race, color, religion,
gender, national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability, or age, in compliance
with, without limitation, Title VI and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and, Title IX of the
Education Amendments, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with
Disabilities Act, and the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act. SUSSI?s President will
hear and investigate all complaints lodged that fall within the aforementioned areas
as well as discrimination based on veteran status, sexual orientation or gender
identity. Complaints against the President of SUSSI will be received by and
investigated by Shippensburg University's VP of Student Affairs.

SUSSI's President will report to the Shippensburg University VP of Student Affairs all
complaints filed. Any written complaints filed will be reported to SUSSI's legal
counsel. SUSSI's President will work with Shippensburg University's VP of Student
Affairs or legal counsel while investigating a complaint.

Page 18 of 22
