(e)

(g)

For the purposes of this Contract, the term ?assign? shall include, but shall not be
limited to, the sale, gift, assignment, pledge, or other transfer of any ownership
interest in the Contractor, provided, however, that the term shall not apply to the sale
or other transfer of stock of a publicly traded company.

Any assignment consented to by the Contracting Officer shall be evidenced by a
written assignment agreement executed by the Contractor and its assignee in which
the assignee agrees to be legally bound by all of the terms and conditions of the
Contract and to assume the duties, obligations, and responsibilities being assigned.

A change of name by the Contractor, following which the Contractor?s federal
identification number remains unchanged, shall not be considered to be an assignment
hereunder. The Contractor shall give the Contracting Officer written notice of any such
change of name.

17. NON DISCRIMINATION/SEXUAL HARASSMENT CLAUSE. During the term of the

Contract, Contractor agrees as follows:

(a)

(b

~

(c

-

(d)

(e)

In the hiring of any employees for the manufacture of supplies, performance of work,
or any other activity required under the Contract or any subcontract, the Contractor,
subcontractor or any person acting on behalf of the Contractor or subcontractor shall
not by reason of gender, race, creed or color discriminate against any citizen of this
Commonwealth who is qualified and available to perform the work to which the
employment relates.

Neither the Contractor nor any subcontractor nor any person on their behalf shall in
any manner discriminate against or intimidate any employee involved in the
manufacture of supplies, the performance of work or any other activity required under
the Contract on account of gender, race, creed or color.

Contractors and any subcontractors shall establish and maintain a written sexual
harassment policy and shall inform their employees of the policy. The policy must
contain a notice that sexual harassment will not be tolerated and employees who
practice it will be disciplined.

The Contractor shall not discriminate by reason of gender, race, creed or color against
any subcontractor or supplier who is qualified to perform the work to which the
contract relates.

The Contractor and each subcontractor shall furnish all necessary employment
documents and records to and permit access to its books, records, and accounts by the
Contracting Officer and the Department of General Services? Bureau of Contract
Administration and Business Development for purposes of investigation to ascertain
compliance with the provisions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual Harassment Clause. If
the Contractor or any subcontractor does not possess documents or records reflecting
the necessary information requested, it shall furnish such information on reporting
forms supplied by the Contracting Officer or the Bureau of Contract Administration and
Business Development.

The Contractor shall include the provisions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual

Harassment Clause in every subcontract so that such provisions will be binding upon
each subcontractor.

Page 12 of 22
