The continued success of our Affirmative Action Program requires maximum
cooperation from every employee throughout our organization. Equal employment
opportunity is not only the law, but it is a principle of PSECU.

Please refer to Attachment 1 for PSECU?s two most recent annual Federal EEO-1
forms.

B. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

C. Hold Harmless:

1.

The Financial Institution agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend the College
and its officers, employees and students from any claim, damage, liability, injury,
expense or loss, including defense costs and attorney?s fees, arising out of Financial
Institution?s performance under the Agreement or as a consequence of the existence
of the Agreement. Accordingly, the College shall notify the Financial Institution
promptly in writing of any claim or action brought against the college in connection
with Agreement. Upon such notification, the Financial Institution shall promptly
take over and defend any such claim or action. The College shall have the right and
option to be represented in such claims or action at its own expense.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

D. Patent Liability:

1.

Financial Institutions agree to indemnify, defend and save harmless the College
from all suits and action of every nature and description brought against them, or
any of them, for or on account of the use of patented appliances, products, or
processes, and Financial Institution shall pay all royalties and charges which are
legal and equitable, as it applies to product or service supplied under this
agreement.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

E. Insurance:

1.

Proof of the Financial Institutions Fidelity or Bankers Bond is required The
coverage and limits below are to be considered minimum requirements under the
agreement and shall in no way limit the liability obligations of the successful
Financial Institution under the Agreement. Limits are to be set in accordance with
the individual Supplier scope of work. The insurance must name Community
College of Philadelphia as additional insured.

The Financial Institution shall maintain in force at all times during the term of the
Agreement, with an insurance carrier acceptable to the College the following
insurance:
