9.

10.

1

ay

12.

13.

ASSIGNMENT OF ANTITRUST CLAIMS. The Contractor and the Commonwealth recognize
that in actual economic practice, overcharges by the Contractor's suppliers resulting from
violations of state or federal antitrust laws are in fact borne by the Commonwealth. As
part of the consideration for the award of the Contract, and intending to be legally bound,
the Contractor assigns to the Commonwealth all right, title and interest in and to any claims
the Contractor now has, or may acquire, under state or federal antitrust laws relating to the
products and services which are the subject of this Contract.

OWNERSHIP RIGHTS. NOT APPLICABLE.

. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. The Commonwealth has the right to terminate this

Contract for any of the following reasons. Termination shall be effective upon written notice to
the Contractor:

(a) Termination for Convenience. The Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the
Contract for its convenience if the Commonwealth determines termination to be in its best
interest. (atf note: N/A?)

(b) Non-appropriation. NOT APPLICABLE.

(c) Termination for Cause. The Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the Contract
for Contractor default under paragraph 19, Default, upon written notice to the
Contractor. The Commonwealth shall also have the right, upon written notice to the
Contractor, to terminate the Contract for other cause as specified in this Contract or by
law. If it is later determined that the Commonwealth erred in terminating the Contract for
cause, then, at the Commonwealth?s discretion, the Contract shall be deemed to have
been terminated for convenience under subparagraph (a).

(d) Termination by Contractor. Contractor may terminate this Agreement without cause.
Contractor shall send not less than 90 days written notification ("Termination Notice") to
the University indicating the intent to terminate the Agreement.

AUDIT PROVISIONS. The Commonwealth shall have the right, at reasonable times and at a
site designated by the Commonwealth, to audit the books, documents and records of the
Contractor to the extent that the books, documents and records relate to costs or pricing data
for the Contract. The Contractor agrees to maintain records which will support the prices
charged and costs incurred for the Contract. The Contractor shall preserve books, documents
and records that relate to costs or pricing data for the Contract for a period of three (3) years
from date of final payment. The Contractor shall give full and free access to all records to the
Commonwealth and/or their authorized representatives.

CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY.

a) The Contractor certifies, for itself and all its subcontractors, that as of the date of its
execution of this Bid/Contract, that neither the Contractor, nor any subcontractors, nor any
suppliers are under suspension or debarment by the Commonwealth or any governmental
entity, instrumentality, or authority and, if the Contractor cannot so certify, then it agrees
to submit, along with its Bid, a written explanation of why such certification cannot be
made.

b) The Contractor also certifies that as of the date of its execution of this Bid/Contract, it has
no tax liabilities or other Commonwealth obligations.

Page 6 of 22
