6. Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus Obligations

a) Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees that Credit Union

b

?

d

e

~~

)

?

)

f)

g

~~

retains the sole right to control the management of each Financial Educational
Center provided, however, that under no circumstance shall Credit Union, its
employees or representatives, tamper with or have any access (other than
commercial use) to any other Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus equipment or facilities without prior written consent from Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus .

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus shall provide custodian
services and electricity to the Credit Union for the operation of each Financial
Educational Center. Credit Union shall be responsible for all other utilities.

Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have
access to each Financial Educational Center at all times for installing,
maintaining, servicing and operations and removing equipment of the Financial
Educational Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal
operations of Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus business.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus shall have no
responsibility for the security of any Financial Educational Center, other than to
act in accordance with its customary practices and procedures with respect to
each Financial Educational Center and its property contained therein, and shall
not be responsible for the operation of any Financial Educational Center.
However, Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees to
contact Credit Union if security is breached during hours when Financial
Educational Center is not open. Credit Union will provide a list of contact names
& telephone numbers for this purpose.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus may permit reasonable
signage relating to the Financial Educational Center. Exact placement of signage
shall be mutually agreed upon by Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus and Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at Credit
Union expense.

After installation of a Financial Educational Center, Harrisburg Area Community
College, Lancaster Campus shall take no action to cause it to fail to comply with
any applicable federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule and regulation,
including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act.

Subject to the terms of Section 7, Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus may promote to its students and staff Credit Union and the existence of
each Financial Educational Center in such manner and time as Harrisburg Area
Community College, Lancaster Campus may in its sole discretion determine.
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus is specifically authorized
and encouraged to do the following: (i) distribute brochures (prepared and
provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense) to Harrisburg Area
Community College, Lancaster Campus students and staff, (ii) make Financial

Page 4 of 18

4
