Karen R. Rousche, Public Relations Coordinator

Karen Rousche has been in the event planning industry for nearly 20 years. As an event
manager, she has coordinated more than 150 expos both for the consumer and the trade,
ranging in size from 120 booths to more than 1200. In this role, she negotiated and secured
all facility contracts, solicited exhibitor and sponsor participation, developed event floor
plans, coordinated seminars, workshops and all aspects of entertainment performed at
company events. She secured all event services to include show decorators, banquet
services, and group hotel room blocks. Her contributions to the program include the
scheduling and orchestration of the grand opening ceremonies. Karen joined PSECU in the
spring of 2014.

Milford C. (Pete) Spicher, Jr., PSECU Facilities Manager

Pete Spicher serves as Facilities Manager for PSECU which includes oversight of all PSECU
locations. Along with managing the day-to-day operations and maintenance of all PSECU
facilities, he also oversees all renovation, upgrade and new construction projects. Pete
works directly with the University Development team to smoothly implement the physical
PSECU space within the universities we partner with. Pete has 12 years of experience in
facilities management, 10 years of experience in construction management and has been
with PSECU for nearly 2 years.

Marcy M. Miller, PSECU Analyst, University Development and Alumni Relations

Marcy Miller currently assists in the management of the PSECU University Development and
Alumni Relations initiative and oversees the daily operations of the centers. She is
responsible for developing and monitoring University Development contractual obligations,
marketing promotions, procedures and budgets. Marcy?s contribution to this RFP includes
providing information regarding Financial Education Center operations and programs and to
ensure compliance with RFP administrative submission requirements. Marcy earned a
Bachelor of Science degree in Consumer Science/Retail Management from Hood College and
has 12 years of service with PSECU.

University Program Service Providers/Sub-Contractors

ATM service providers for cash handling and maintenance:

Diebold, Inc.

ATM equipment, installation and maintenance service, and alarm monitoring
North Canton, OH

Dunbar Armored Car Service

ATM cash management service
York, PA

PSECU Team Members and Bios
Page 4 of 5
