Department of Education Student Assistance General Provisions Regulations Issued Under
the Higher Education Act of 1965 as Amended

PSECU understands the University?s obligations to comply with the final regulations noted above,
effective July 1, 2016, intended to ensure that students: 1) have convenient access to their Title IV, HEA
program funds, 2) do not incur unreasonable and uncommon financial account fees on their Title IV
funds, and 3) are not led to believe they must open a particular financial account to receive their
Federal student aid.

PSECU does not and will not market campus student financial accounts and debit or prepaid cards as a
voluntary or required way for students to receive their Title IV funds. This also includes the use of
cobranded cards with the institution?s logo or a card combined with the institution?s student ID.

Emergency Preparedness

PSECU understands the importance of funds, service, and data availability to our members. In order to
ensure this availability, management has developed a Business Continuity Management Program. Our
comprehensive business continuity management program has five major components: incident
management, emergency response, disaster recovery (DR), business continuity planning (BCP), and crisis
communication. For each of these components, PSECU management has developed and maintains and
exercises corresponding plans to help us prepare and respond to high-risk business interruptions such as
fires, floods, power outages, theft, strike and pandemic. These plans describe how PSECU would
continue operations and deliver services during a disruption.

Sustainability Initiatives

PSECU is committed to continuous improvement in its business practices that produce greater
conservation of natural resources and the environment. By the nature of its branchless model, PSECU
serves over 400,000 members and has a significant reduction of dependence on the environment unlike
traditional financial institutions that utilize branches to conduct business. Conservation has helped our
members because we are a member-owned institution, so when we pay less for our energy needs we are
able to direct those savings back to help fund our many free services.

Members? financial needs are accommodated via several delivery channels: online, mobile, phone, or
ATM. During 2015, PSECU received an average of 167,376 telephone calls per month from members

resulting in a reduction of paper usage and mail traffic. Some additional statistics that illustrate how
PSECU provides opportunities for our membership to reduce strains on our environment include (as of

October 2015):

* 65% of retail members utilize some form of digital banking, including e-Statements, thus

reducing paper consumption
* Of the retail members who use mobile services, 14% have made mobile deposits, thus

eliminating mailing a check for deposit or traveling to an ATM

PSECU moved into a new state of the art corporate headquarters facility in Harrisburg in January of
2014. The 239,000 square foot building, costing approximately $74 million in total, was awarded the
LEED? Gold certification and offers a number of environmentally friendly features including:

*  Anatural gas-powered CHP (Combined Heat & Power Plant) system that provides the majority
of needed electricity, heating and cooling to the facility. All surplus energy produced is being
sold back to the electric provider.

? ietcnerecees = _? ag eee a ori tnt cians Hisense Py
BURFP -~- RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEG@ee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 29 of 38
