where students, faculty and staff or alumni are welcomed and feel at ease. Please refer to
Attachment 9 for a sample of our Financial Education Center designs. We display
posters, digital displays, brochures and other handouts to communicate with members
and potential members. We also brand our ATMs and integrate marketing messages
within the ATM introductory transaction screens.

We understand athletics are a key part of the college experience, so we like to participate
in a fun and engaging way. We integrate into the school colors and mascot to provide
giveaways like pom-poms, hats, and other ?flare? that also promotes the PSECU brand.
We also look to support the college athletics program financially by purchasing
advertising space such as banners or scoreboard space.

We believe in supporting student causes, so we look for relevant opportunities to sponsor
student groups or clubs and student events that are aligned with our core values and
beliefs. We like to not only support these financially, but to participate and promote our
brand and values in conjunction with helping to bring awareness to the student cause.

Working with the school?s administration, we look for opportunities to extend our
branding across the campus to connect with students. We have purchased a variety of
campus advertising including school newspaper ads, floor graphics in book stores,
branded coffee cups or pizza boxes in school cafeterias, etc. With students, we know
we have to be relevant and engaging, so we also look for opportunities to engage more
directly with students on campus by integrating various ?lifestyle? tactics. These
tactics include having PSECU Brand Ambassadors reaching out to students and
alumni during key events. Other on or near campus marketing may include PSECU
Brand Ambassadors, Segways with an ad trailer, giving away promotional items, or
dropping branded quarters in key spots across campus with our value messaging.

It is important to us to be relevant to students while also providing something of value, so
we also target specific student lifecycle opportunities. For example, we have developed
branded school specific maps for incoming first year students, which allow them to find
their way around but also enable us to introduce ourselves within the content. And, for
seniors, we give away a comprehensive and fun ?life after school? book which outlines
succinct financial tips for their life ahead, along with interesting life tips like which fork
to use for salad at a dinner. We have found success in partnering with the school for
school-specific events such as orientation and graduation. PSECU is willing to be a part
of the process, whether it is a presentation at orientation, an email blast welcoming
students, or to support the events in some other way. Likewise, for graduation, we
welcome the opportunity to mail a graduation gift directly to students to congratulate
them on their significant accomplishment.

Because of our business model, digital communications are a core part of our marketing
strategy. We recognize the digital space as a powerful marketing, communication, and
transactional medium. We work to create a consistent and unified experience across all of
our digital channels, delivering content when and where it is needed, while being
responsive to consumers? needs and feedback. We integrate relevant marketing
messaging in digital display ads within our websites, digital applications, email, online
banking, and mobile applications, promoting our new offers, products and services. Our
website is a core destination online. And, we have a special college microsite focused on
students? needs and individual school information. The digital space also allows us to
integrate tools and resources to help educate and empower our members. We provide
financial advice, tips, and tools such as calculators so that members can get the best value

30
