Membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person designated by
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus for approval prior to the
Credit Union conducting such a drive. Such requested approval shall not
unreasonably be denied.

7. Advertising

a) Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's logos,

b

trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party.
Each party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and service
marks are the sole property of the other party.

However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus, to include the address of any
ATM in a directory of ATMs and/or other banking facilities. Credit Union may refer
to Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus in any listing of groups
eligible to join the Credit Union.

8. Mutual Indemnification

a) Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold Harrisburg Area Community College,

b

c

~

Harrisburg Campus harmless from and against all costs, expenses, damages and
liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred or threatened
against Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus on account of or
resulting from this Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial
Educational Center, or any action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or
agents or independent contractors under this Agreement, provided that Credit Union
shall not be required to defend, indemnify or hold Harrisburg Area Community
College, Harrisburg Campus harmless from Harrisburg Area Community College,
Harrisburg Campus's own negligence or wrongful conduct or that of Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus's agents, employees or independent
contractors.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus shall defend, indemnify and
hold Credit Union harmless from and against all costs, expenses, damages and
liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred, or
threatened against Credit Union on account of or resulting from any actions or
omissions of Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus, its employees
or agents; provided, however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus?s invitees which involve
member account related misconduct.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if any Financial
Educational Center is damaged or destroyed as a result of an insured peril, or a
peril that ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-insured, or if an insured
liability for bodily injury, death, or property damage arises in the Financial

Page 6 of 17
