Technological ability ? PSECU is a recognized leader in technology, offering remote banking services,
remote deposit services and other technological features years ahead of many other financial
institutions.

References ? We are pleased to provide references from several of our higher education partners,
including others within Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education.

Professional personnel ? PSECU first established our campus program in 2000. With 21 campus centers
in operation, we have never lost or failed to renew a relationship. Our references will readily confirm
the professionalism of our staff.

Soundness of approach ? PSECU believes that an important part of our job on campus is to teach
financial literacy and money management skills to our student members. We do this through our
WalletWorks financial education program product offerings and learning sessions that we host on
campus.

Facilities ?- PSECU manages a fleet of ATMs on college and university campuses and is prepared to
continue to provide state-of-the-art terminals for Millersville University.

Terms and conditions ? PSECU is familiar with Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education
requirements and will continue to be able to meet Millersville University?s contractual terms.

Cost ? PSECU is prepared to offer Millersville University a generous proposal, free of many of the
conditions set by other financial institutions.

Partnering initiatives ? Our unique Financial Education Center approach employs interns hired from
the University for staffing, providing real-world experience for a number of students in the marketing,
sales and finance fields.

PSECU?s proposal is based on our commitment to and support of Millersville University. PSECU?s offer to
the University is not contingent on goals, number of accounts opened or performance. Our offer is
guaranteed to the University. PSECU appreciates the opportunity to participate in this bidding process.

The following is a high-level overview of the services that will be offered at PSECU?s on-campus
Financial Education Center:
* General account questions

+ New account openings

? Financial literacy education

+ Digital Account issue resolution

* Product and service cross-selling

+ Meaningful job experience and compensation for Millersville students without leaving
campus

+ Development of member relationships with students, faculty and staff

During peak account opening times, new student orientations, move-in days, etc., PSECU will provide
additional staff to assist the students and the campus community in applying for their PSECU account
and provide member support for current members.

PSECU will provide attractive and economical account offerings for Millersville students, faculty and
staff while they are on campus and after they leave the University, while ensuring privacy of all
personal member information.

RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PFC

Technical Proposal | Page 3 of 34

