action, If information and assistance are furnished by the Commonwealth at the
Contractor?s written request, it shall be at the Contractor?s expense, but the
responsibility for such expense shall be only that within the Contractor?s written
authorization. The Contractor shall indemnify and hold the Commonwealth harmless
from all damages, costs, and expenses, including attorney?s fees that the Contractor or
the Commonwealth may pay or incur by reason of any infringement or violation of the
rights occurring to any holder of copyright, trademark, or patent interests and rights in
any products provided or used in the performance of the Contract. If any of the products
provided by the Contractor in such suit or proceeding are held to constitute
infringement and the use is enjoined, the Contractor shall, at its own expense and at its
option, either procure the right to continue use of such infringement products, replace
them with non-infringement equal performance products or modify them so that they
are no longer infringing. If the Contractor is unable to do any of the preceding, the
Contractor agrees to remove all the equipment or software which are obtained
contemporaneously with the infringing product, or, at the option of the Commonwealth,
only those items of equipment or software which are held to be infringing, and to pay
the Commonwealth: 1) any amounts paid by the Commonwealth towards the purchase of
the product, less straight line depreciation; 2) any license fee paid by the
Commonwealth for the use of any software, less an amount for the period of usage; and
3) the pro rata portion of any maintenance fee representing the time remaining in any
period of maintenance paid for. The obligations of the Contractor under this paragraph }
continue without time limit. No costs or expenses shall be incurred for the account of )
the Contractor without its written consent.

33, COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES. The Contractor warrants that no person or |
selling agency.has been employed or retained to solicit or secure the Contract upon an |
agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent
fee, except bona fide employees or bona fide established commercial or selling agencies
maintained by the Contractor for the purpose of securing business. For breach or
violation of this warranty, the Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the
Contract without liability or in its discretion to deduct from the Contract price? or
consideration, or otherwise recover the full amount of such commission, percentage,
brokerage, or contingent fee.

34, CHANGE ORDERS. The Commonwealth reserves the right to issue change orders at any
' time during the term of the Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof: 1) to
increase or decrease the quantities resulting from variations between any estimated
quantities in the Contract and actual quantities; 2) to make changes to the services
within the scope of the Contract; 3) to notify the Contractor that the Commonwealth is
exercising any Contract renewal or extension option; or 4) to modify the time of
performance that does not alter the scope of the Contract to extend the completion
date beyond the Expiration Date of the Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof.
Any such change order shall be in writing signed by the Contracting Officer. The change
order shall be effective as of the date appearing on the change order, unless the
change order specifies a later effective date. Such increases, decreases, changes, or
modifications will not invalidate the Contract, nor, if performance security is being
furnished in conjunction with the Contract, release the security obligation. The
Contractor agrees to provide the service in accordance with the change order. Any
dispute by the Contractor in regard to the performance required under any change
order shall be handled through Paragraph 21, ?Contract Controversies?. For purposes of
this Contract, ?change order? is defined as a written order signed by the Contracting
Officer directing the Contractor to make changes authorized under this clause.

Page 19 of 24
