With regards to the fraudulent use of debit cards, PSECU provides ATM service in accordance with
Regulation E. A Check Card Agreement and Regutation E Disclosure (see Document 5 for a copy of this
disclosure) is provided to all PSECU members opting to receive a card with ATM and Point-of-Sale (POS)
functionality. Under the terms of the agreement, cardholders agree to notify PSECU immediately if
they believe the card or ATM personal identification number (PIN) has been lost or stolen. The same
terms apply if the cardholder believes the card or PIN has been or may have been used by anyone
without their authorization. PIN protection on ATM debit cards typically ensures cardholders against
loss. In the event of an erroneous or unauthorized transaction, members are asked to complete a
dispute form to permit PSECU to investigate the dispute.

Branch Banking and ATM Locations
PSECU will continue to provide an on-campus service center in the Natali Student Center and our three

(3) ATMs conveniently located on campus. Please refer to Document 6 for a list of the local ATMs in the
area most recently used by our membership. University students, faculty and staff should incur little or
no cost related to the use of our ATMs on campus or in the community. Please refer to our Cost
Proposal for PSECU?s current fee schedule.

Encoding Format/Data Fields
PSECU bases all our card transaction communications on the ISO 8583 format standard. Currently we do

Provide access to a PSECU Member?s Account for transactions initiated by our cardholders by linking to
the CAL Campus ID Card. If awarded the contract, PSECU would provide more technical details
regarding the encoding format or data fields, if requested.

ATM Deposit Availability
Deposits (via multiple deposit channels such as mobile deposits and ATM check and/or cash deposits)
for PSECU members shall be immediately available (see Funds Availability Policy, page 35 for details).

ATM Deposits to other Financial Institutions
Deposits may be made to other financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM, but it is understood
that the deposits to those institutions may not be available for immediate withdrawal depending upon

the funds availability policy set by the institution that issued the card.

ATM Surcharges/Transaction Fees

PSECU does not surcharge for member or non-member deposits, but does surcharge non-member
withdrawal transactions at a rate of $1.50 at our California campus ATMs to offset the expense
of the free services provided to our membership. Members can use virtually any ATM anywhere,
for free, through our surcharge rebate program. All members are rebated up to $8 per month.
Members with recurring Direct Deposit (no minimum required) are rebated up to $20 per month.
In 2016, PSECU rebated over $5.2 million in ATM surcharges to our members. PSECU?s no-foreign
ATM fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members ultimate freedom and
convenience when it comes to using ATMs. In an average month, PSECU members use over 19,835

ATMs in Pennsylvania.

ATM Network Affiliation(s)
ATMs installed by PSECU on University property are affiliated with the STAR?, PLUS?, Cirrus?, American

Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks. In addition, University student, faculty and staff
PSECU members should incur little or no cost related to the use of our ATMs on campus or in the

community.

PSECU currently administers the CUS? surcharge-free ATM alliance, which offers over 1,015 surcharge-
free ATMs to credit union members in Pennsylvania and 338 ATMs outside Pennsylvania. PSECU is a
member of the CO-OP Financial Services ATM Network, which offers 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs
nationwide to PSECU members. In addition, PSECU cardholders may access any ATM affiliated with the
STAR?, PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 P23
