PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 1
REV: JULY 2017

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Contract, these words shall have the following meanings:

a. Contracting Officer: The person authorized to administer this Contract for the University
and to make written determinations with respect to this Contract.

b. Days: Unless specifically indicated otherwise, days mean calendar days.

c. Developed Works or Developed Materials: All documents, sketches, drawings, designs,

works, papers, files, reports, computer programs, computer documentation, data, records, software,
samples or any other tangible material without limitation authored or prepared by Contractor as the work
product covered in the scope of work for the Project.

d. Services: All Contractor activity necessary to satisfy this Contract.

3: CONTRACTOR DUTIES. The Contractor, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below,
shall perform a variety of financial services to students, faculty and staff members of the University
community. The contractor will maintain an electronic banking center staffed by a manager, two student
assistant managers, and additional student staff in the Natali Student Center. Services to include:

Free checking

Interest earning savings accounts

24/7 online banking through ATM network

Linking to Campus ID card and promoting card based access to services

Provide innovative technology and financial services to the University community
Provide ATMs in agreed upon locations

Provide a revenue stream to help offset the cost of providing extended services to
cardholders

e Financial Education Programs

In addition, those services described in the following documents shall be incorporated herein by reference
as if attached:

Request for Proposal CAL P17-01, consisting of 19 pages

RFP CAL P17-01 Addendum 1, 1 page

Supplier Proposal Signature Page

Documents 1-8 of the PSECU proposal

andcn

Furthermore, those services described in the PSECU response (Exhibit A-Technical Proposal and Exhibit
B-Cost Proposal, Best and Final Offer) are incorporated herein.

4. PURCHASE ORDERS.

a. In instances where this Contract contains a not to exceed value for goods or services at
established prices or where this Contract states there is no guarantee of work being awarded under this
Contract, the University may issue Purchase Orders against this Contract when it seeks to have the
Contractor provide goods or perform services under this Contract. These orders constitute the Contractor?s
authority to make delivery. All Purchase Orders received by the Contractor up to and including the
Expiration Date of this Contract are acceptable and must be performed in accordance with this Contract.
Contractors are not permitted to accept Purchase Orders that require performance extended beyond those
performance time periods specified in this Contract unless specifically authorized by the Contracting

Page S of 32
