THIS AFFINITY SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?), is entered into this [? day of

ue , 2018, by and between Lock Haven University Foundation f/b/o Lock Haven
University Alumni Association, with an address of 10 Susquehanna Ave, Durrwachter Alumni Conference
Center, Lock Haven, PA 17745 (hereafter referred to as ?LHUF"), and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit
Union, with an address of 1500 Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110-2900 (?PSECU?) (together, the
?Parties?, or individually, a ?Party?).

WHEREAS, the LHUF desires to promote products and services offered by PSECU to Lock Haven
University Alumni (?Alumni?); and,

WHEREAS, LHUF will provide PSECU with promotional/marketing opportunities which are
Commensurate with being an exclusive sponsor for such events, including the opportunity to speak

to attendees/participants at all events.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1, RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND LHUF. PSECU and LHUF, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

a) PSECU & LHUF agree to meet a minimum of annually and not less than 30 days prior to the
contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan for the
upcoming contract year. The marketing and outreach plan is intended to focus on tactical
ways to reach Alumni for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts agreed upon for the year
will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products and services to
Alumni. PSECU will compensate LHUF for new PSECU memberships and products and services
generated through these marketing and outreach efforts that are qualified for PSECU
membership. Detail of the compensation schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

b) The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or
inclusive of: email on behalf of PSECU to Alumni, social media Posting or linking of PSECU
material or commentary on social media, co-branding of printed material, co-branded give
away, inclusion of articles or marketing in e-newsletters, advertisement or links on Lock
Haven University websites, mailings sent to Alumni, mailing lists provided by the LHUF,
marketing material at LHUF events, attendance at LHUF events, listing PSECU as an alumni
benefit in printed material, PSECU listed as event sponsor for major alumni events.

c) LHUF shall not deny PSECU reasonable marketing access to the Alumni.

d) LHUF and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks),
logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of
each respective Party are subject to the intellectual Property rights of that Party. The IP may
not be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website,
framed, deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior
written permission of the owner of such IP.

2. TERM, This Agreement takes effect on October 1, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?) and will terminate on
September 30, 2023. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree to meet during the final year
of this Agreement to discuss renewal options. Any such agreement upon renewal terms shall be in
writing and signed by both parties.

3. TERMINATION. Under this Agreement, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
for convenience if the terminating party determines such action to be in its own best interest.
Such termination shall be effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the
other party. PSECU shall accept applications for Alumni as within the PSECU field of
membership. PSECU retains all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information, which shall continue following termination of this Agreement.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY. LHUF and PSECU agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that LHUF has a

PSECU/LHUF Affinity Sponsorship Agreement
Page 1 of 5
PSECU - Internal Use Only
