Value Added Services

The Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative. We exist to serve
our members, not to make a profit. Unlike most other financial institutions, credit unions do not issue
equity shares or pay dividends to stockholders. Instead, we strive to return value to our members in the
form of lower loan rates, higher interest on deposits and lower fees. Our not-for-profit status
complements the University business model and educational philosophy.

Since 2000, we have been forging strong relationships with educational partners across Pennsylvania,
making strategic investments that benefit all members, including students, faculty, staff and alumni. We
are devoted to giving our members value for a lifetime.

Our shared vision of a Pennsylvania made stronger with a well-educated, financially savvy workforce
rests with every student that arrives on campus. The education that students receive at California
University will help them secure a bright financial future. By teaming up with PSECU, your University
can provide the added value of access to a financial institution that can make a positive impact on
their lives long after they graduate.

Our focus is on engaging the campus community and actively participating in many campus events and
Programs. While each location has its own culture and personality, with a campus program tailored to
its specific needs, there are many elements of value that are embraced by all campus locations:

? Our student-staffed, on-campus Financial Education Centers offer a unique educational,
hands-on, real-life experience of working for an over $5 billion financial institution. This offers
the students a flexible schedule that recognizes the importance of their total academic and
co-curricular experience. It also allows your students - trained to help their peers - manage
some of the financial challenges unique to the college experience.

e Our WalletWorks Program is our financial education platform. We have a full-time Certified
Credit Union Financial Counselor on staff to develop financial education curriculum and
materials for students of all ages and stages of their college careers. We offer an extensive list
of student-focused presentations for your campus. See pages 37 - 41 for samples of our
WalletWorks Program materials.

e Low- or no-fee products and services - PSECU continues to provide a host of low- or no-fee
products and services to meet the growing needs of our members. We strive to be the most
affordable choice for consumers when it is time to select a financial institution. See our Cost
Proposal for our current fee schedule.

e We get our campus community members started by depositing the initial $5 minimum Share
1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into each new California
member account. (A $5 minimum share purchase will be made on behalf of the member by
PSECU. If the member account is closed within the first year of membership, the initial $5
share will be retained by PSECU.)

e PSECU financially supports scholarship programs for the University. These programs are
administered by the University, enabling them to provide funds to those who need it most.

? PSECU offers support for student-focused events and programs in addition to the support in
the Agreement between PSECU and the University which include sponsorships, athletic
advertising, student activities support and more.

e Our generous Funds Availability Policy makes funds from deposits available to our members
on the business day that we receive the deposit, with only a few limited exceptions. This

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 2a]
