Implementation Work Plan

PSECU is pleased to submit our proposal to continue to provide student and employee banking services,
as well as ATM services, on the California University of Pennsylvania campus.

Implementation Schedule

As the incumbent provider of services, we expect a seamless transition into this new agreement once
the contract would be fully executed. Our community manager who oversees operations of the
Financial Education Center will continue in her role and our student interns and intern assistant
managers will continue on in their roles into the coming semesters. There will be no impact on the
existing three ATMs at the California campus once the new contract is executed.

On-Campus Service Center

PSECU is committed to continuing to operate a Financial Education Center on campus in the recently
renovated Natali Student Center.

Based on our business model, our Center will continue to assist members of the California campus
community with managing their PSECU account. While the Center will not perform account
transactions, our staff will guide PSECU members in the use of our technology to securely manage their
financial dealings virtually anytime, anywhere. Account access is available 24/7 with our digital
financial services. We utilize our ATMs to act as the teller for cash and check transactions through
immediate access to deposited funds. Please refer to page 35 for our Funds Availability Policy. PSECU
maintains our centers with a great amount of flexibility, allowing us to support the needs of a changing
campus community. During peak account opening times such as new student orientations, move-in
days, etc., PSECU may provide additional staff to assist students in establishing their PSECU accounts
and to provide member support.

Proposed ID Card Solution

The University is requesting PSECU to offer a full array of financial services to the students, faculty
and staff, as well as a campus ID card solution that supports various university-wide applications and
links to a PSECU account. PSECU would continue to offer all the services and functionality related to
the University?s campus ID card as it does today. The solution will continue to support legacy
magnetic stripe applications currently in use by the University.

The University will have no liability for fraud or any other activity related to the cardholder?s use of
their account with PSECU. The University will retain full control of the ISO number and all aspects of
the ID carding process, as well as ownership of all material purchased by PSECU to support the process.
PSECU will relinquish rights to the University ISO if a new provider is selected in the future and will
assist the University to achieve a smooth transition.

This solution enables campus ID cardholders with an account relationship with PSECU to use the ID card
at any merchant accepting debit payments on the STAR? or Interlink? networks. The use of a PIN to
complete a purchase transaction will provide additional security when the card is used.

Members of the University community who wish to add the ATM debit service to their Student ID Card
can do so any one of the following ways:

e Log into online banking and click the Link your Campus Card to your PSECU account link
on the Preferences page under the My Profile section

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | a8 |
