Balancing Worksheet

B. Checks and withdrawals that are not on this statement

A. Complete this section to balance your checkbook.
1. Enter "ENDING BALANCE? amount from your statement ... QQ)
2. Enter any deposits you made that are not listed on this
Statement. include ATM deposits .. ee (2)
(2)
aH (2)
(3)

3, Addiines 1&2 .....

4. In part B, list any checks you wrote that are not shown on your statement. Include
ATM withdrawals, SST transfers, online banking transfers, or auto transfers. (You
identify these by placing a check mark in your register next to each check that is
listed on the statement.)

Place total on this line ...........-. $__ (4)
(5)

5

?. Subtract line 4 from line 3 ...

The balance on line 5 should be the balance you have in your checkbook. If you don't
balance, check the following: ,

1 1s your addition and subtraction correct in your register and
in sections A and B?

2. Does the dollar amount of your check register match the
dollar amount on this statement?

3. Are all deposits and withdrawals accounted for?

Important Information

Your Billing Rights - Keep this Notice for Future Use

This notice contains important information about your rights and responsibilities under the
Fair Credit Billing Act.

Please write to us at P.O, Box 67013, Harrisburg, PA 17106-7013. Send us a copy of your
?statement. Please keep all originals.

in Case of Errors or Questions About Your Bill

it you think your bill is wrong, or if you need more information about a transaction on your bill,
write us (on @ Separate sheet) at P.O. Box 67013, Harrisburg, PA 17106-7013, as soon as
possible. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent the first bill on which the
error or problem appeared. You can telephone us, but doing so will not preserve your rights.

in your letter, give us the following information:
. Your name and account number.
* The dollar amount of the suspected error.
. Describe the error and explain, if you can, why you belleve there is an error. If
you need more information, describe the item you are unsure about.

You do not have to pay any amount in question while we are investigating, but you are still
obligated to pay the parts of your bill that are not in question. While we investigate your
question, we cannot report you as delinquent or take any action to collect the amount you
question.

Special Rule for'Credit Card Purchases

it you have a problem with the quality of goods or services that you purchased with a credit
card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with the merchant, you may not
have to pay the remaining amount due on the goods or services. You have this protection
only when the purchase price was more than $50 and the purchase was made in your home
state or within 100 miles of your mailing address, (It we own or operate the merchant, or if we
mailed you the advertisement for the Property or services, all purchases are covered
regardless of amount or location of purchase.)

Finance Charges - Balance Computation

Personal Service Loans and Home Equity Loans: We calculate the finance charge for one
day by multiplying the "unpaid loan balance? by the daily periodic rate on your statement. We
then calculate the sum of the finance charges for each day between payments. If the amount
of the payment or credit is not sufficient to bay the entire calculated finance charge, the

remaining ?unpaid? finance charges carry over to the next payment or credit.

PSECU Telephone Numbers
Direct Inquiries to:
800.237.7328

Rate Line:
800.237.7328

Self Service Telephone:
800.435.6500 (Nationwide)

This credit union is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration. Equal Opportunity Lender.

Check Number Amount

[_ r
a: |
???
== ?| al
Total |

The ?unpaid loan balance" used to calculate finance charges is the balance atter credits are
subtracted and advances or other charges are added.

Visa? Loans: You can avoid paying finance charges by paying the new balance of purchases
each month within 25 days of your statement closing date. Otherwise, the new balance of
purchases and subsequent charges from the date they are posted to your account are
subject to finance charges. Cash advances are always subject to finance charges from the
day they are posted to your account.

Purchases: We calculate your finance. charges by multiplying the average adjusted daily
balance, including new purchases, for the billing cycle by the monthly periodic purchase rate,

Advances: We caiculate your finance charges on cash advances by multiplying the average
adjusted daily balance for cash advances during the billing cycle by the monthly periodic
advance rate.

The average adjusted dally balance Is calculated by averaging the adjusted dally balances
uring the billing cycle. To calculate the adjusted dally balance each day, we followed these
Steps:

We take the outstanding balance (all amounts you owe) at the start of the day. Then, in
the sequence in which amounts are posted to your account, we add the amounts of al!
debits and subtract the amounts of all credits which post to your account that day, Alter
applying payments and credits, we subtract the amount of any unpaid finance charges or
late charges. Then we also subtract the amount of any cash advance transaction that
Posts to your account on that day or in any previous day in the billing cycle. The result is
the adjusted daily balance for that day.

Note: Cash advance transactions which are posted to your account are not included in the
average adjusted daily balance calculation, and are therefore not Subject to the monthly
periodic rate for purchases. The average adjusted daily balance is calculated separately tor
cash advance transactions and Is subject to the cash advance monthly periodic rate.

Additional important Information: Material contained in the Payment Information table is
Provided for informational purposes and is subject to change based upon your account
activity. A credit balance remaining on your Visa account longer than 60 days will be
transferred to your Regular Share account.

Member Service Telephone Hours
8 a.m. ? 9 p.m. (ET) Monday through Friday
9 a.m. ?5 p.m. Saturday

TDD:
800.472.1967 (Nationwide) * 717.777.2100 (in Harrisburg)

TENDER
