PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

governmental entity, instrumentality, or authority and, if the Contractor cannot so certify, then it agrees to
submit, along with its Contract, a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made.

b. The Contractor also certifies, in writing, that as of the date of its execution of this Contract
it has no tax liabilities or other Commonwealth obligations, or has filed a timely administrative or judicial
appeal if such liabilities or obligations exist, or is subject to a duly approved deferred payment plan if such
liabilities exist.

C: The Contractor's obligations pursuant to these provisions are ongoing from and after the
Effective Date of this Contract through the Expiration Date. Accordingly, the Contractor shall have an
obligation to inform the Contracting Officer if, at any time during the term of this Contract, it becomes
delinquent in the payment of taxes or other Commonwealth obligations, or if Contractor or, to the best
knowledge of the Contractor, any of its subcontractors are suspended or debarred by the Commonwealth,
the federal government, or any other state or governmental entity. Such notification shall be made within
15 days of the date of suspension or debarment.

d. The failure of the Contractor to notify the Contracting Officer of its suspension or
debarment by the Commonwealth, any other state, or the federal government shall constitute an event of
default of this Contract.

e. The Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the reasonable costs of
investigation incurred by the Office of State Inspector General, the University or the Commonwealth for
investigations of the Contractor's compliance with the terms of this or any other agreement between the
Contractor and the Commonwealth that results in the suspension or debarment of the contractor. Such
costs shall include, but shall not be limited to, salaries of investigators, including overtime; travel and
lodging expenses; and expert witness and documentary fees. The Contractor shall not be responsible for
investigative costs for investigations that do not result in the Contractor's suspension or debarment.

f The Contractor may obtain a current list of suspended and debarred Commonwealth
contractors by either searching the Internet at http://www.dgs.state.pa.us/ or contacting the:
Department of General Services
Office of Chief Counsel
603 North Office Building

Harrisburg, PA 17125

Telephone No: (717) 783-6472
33. CONTRACTOR INTEGRITY. It is essential that those who seek to contract with the
Commonwealth observe high standards of honesty and integrity. They must conduct themselves in a
manner that fosters public confidence in the integrity of the Commonwealth contracting and procurement
process.

a. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this section, the following terms shall be defined as

follows:

1) ?Affiliate? means two or more entities where (a) a parent entity owns more than fifty
percent of the voting stock of each of the entities; or (b) a common shareholder or group
of shareholders owns more than fifty percent of the voting stock of each of the entities;
or (c) the entities have a common proprietor or general partner.

2) ?Consent? means written permission signed by a duly authorized officer or employee
of the University, provided that where the material facts have been disclosed, in

Page 23 of 32
