ATTACHMENT B TO KU4900000395

ig Pennsylvania's State System of Higher Education
Pennsylvania's Certification of Compliance with Required Clearances
STATE SYSTEM (Under the Child Protective Services Law)
of Higher Education

Please read this entire form carefully before completing it. This form is to be used by program administrators of
non-university-sponsored programs or non-university groups and/or independent contractors providing services
to university-sponsored programs, hereafter identified as the Responsible Organization.

Section 1. Certifications}

All staff, paid and unpaid, who may have direct contact, interact with, treat, supervise, chaperone, or otherwise oversee
minors must have the following satisfactory background clearances in accordance with Pennsylvania's Child Protective
Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. ?6344. Notwithstanding any requirement or interpretation of the law otherwise, contractor
employees providing services such as janitorial, food service, and bookstore contractors, or others as designated by the
university, are hereby considered as meeting the scope above and require background clearances. The Responsible
Organization will maintain records of the clearances, and the university will have the right to review the clearance files to
validate that there is no disqualifying information. All clearances must be renewed every five (5) years and include the
following:

1. Pennsylvania State Police (PSP) Criminal Record Check.
2. Pennsylvania Department of Human Services Child Abuse Clearance.
3. Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) Criminal Background Check.

Exception for Volunteers. A person responsible for selecting volunteers shall require an applicable prospective
volunteer, prior to the commencement of service, to submit only the information under items 1 and 2 above, if the
following apply:

1. The position for which the prospective volunteer is applying is unpaid.

2. The prospective volunteer has been a resident of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania during the entirety of the
previous ten-year period.

3. The prospective volunteer swears or affirms in writing that the prospective volunteer is not disqualified from service
pursuant to Pennsylvania's Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. ?6344(c), or has not been convicted of an
offense similar n nature to those crimes listed in ?6344(c) under the laws or former laws of the United States or one
of its territories or possessions, another state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or a
foreign nation, or under a former law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Further, all staff, paid and unpaid, who may have direct contact, interact with, treat, supervise, chaperone, or otherwise
oversee minors must provide written notice to the (the designated person in charge for the Responsible Organization) if
listed staff are: (1) arrested for, or convicted of, a Reportable Offense (listed below) that would constitute grounds for
denial of employment or participation in a program, activity, or service; or (2) named as a perpetrator in a founded or
indicated report of child abuse. The Responsible Organization shall require listed staff to provide written notice within 72
hours of arrest, conviction, or notification that the person has been listed as a perpetrator in the statewide database. The
Responsible Organization will also notify the following person at the university of any such reports:

Ifthe Responsible Organization has a reasonable belief that staff, paid and unpaid, who may have direct contact,
interact with, treat, supervise, chaperone, or otherwise oversee minors has been arrested or convicted of a Reportable
Offense or was named as perpetrator ina founded or indicated report, or if staff, paid and unpaid, who may have direct
contact, interact with, treat, supervise, chaperone, or otherwise oversee minors has provided notice of activity that would
be sufficient to deny employment or program participation, the Responsible Organization must immediately require the
staff to immediately submit current information as required for the three background clearance checks listed above.

This form has been developed by Pennsylvania's State System of Higher Education, pursuant to Pennsylvania's Child Protective Services Law, 23 Pa.C.S. ? 6301 et seq.
March 23,2015
