During peak account opening times, new student orientations, move-in days, etc., PSECU will provide
additional staff to assist the students and the campus community in establishing their PSECU account
and provide member support for current members.

PSECU will provide attractive and economical account offerings for California students, faculty and
staff, as we do for all our members, while protecting the privacy of all personal member information.

PSECU will provide a digital infrastructure (mobile and online) that will allow students, faculty and
staff to easily access the related banking services virtually anytime, anywhere.

Following our successful business model, we utilize ATMs to act as the teller for cash and check
transactions through immediate access to deposited funds. Please refer to page 35 for PSECU?s Funds
Availability Policy. PSECU is then able to operate our Financial Education Centers with greater
flexibility in terms of mandatory schedules and security requirements that govern traditional branch

operations.

With regard to ATMs, PSECU acknowledges the need for deposit-accepting ATMs on campus and is
willing to continue to operate three (3) ATMs at their current locations and current functionalities on

the California campus.

General requirements of the University would include:
e To continue to provide PSECU with interior walt and floor space for use by the Credit
Union as the Financial Education Center
? To provide HVAC and electricity to the Credit Union for the operation of the Center
* To provide A/C (alternating current) power to the three currently approved ATM locations

PSECU will provide financial education and co-curricular programs for the California campus
community. PSECU will also serve as a resource for financial learning opportunities, which is
consistent with our not-for-profit mission and a guiding principle of PSECU?s University
Development program.

Please be advised that PSECU?s response to this RFP #CAL P17-01 contains trade secrets and
confidential proprietary information. Should this response become subject to a Pennsylvania Right-to-
Know Law request, PSECU kindly requests notification to be able to identify all trade secrets and
confidential proprietary information. Please refer to PSECU Proprietary Letter, Document 1.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 es|
