It.

12.

13.

14,

15.

within thirty (30) days? of written notice thereof (or such longer period if mutually agreed upon by
the Parties), either Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to terminate this Agreement at
the end of the then-current Athletic Year and shall be relieved of any further obligations to the other
Party, except for obligations which by their nature shall survive termination of this Agreement.

c. Termination for Breach: In addition to all rights and remedies available under the law and this Agreement, each
Party shall have the right but not the obligation, to terminate the Agreement if the other Party breaches any
provision of this Agreement and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of written notice of such
breach.

Confidential Information. Provider agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that PSECU is a highly regulated financial
institution under a? strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member records, specifically any
?Confidential Information?. Confidential Information shall specifically include, but not be limited to, the following: all non-
public member data; account or personal information; such as account numbers, access codes, account ownership and names
of account owners; account owner email addresses; demographic information; and financial transactions conducted within
those accounts; any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory lists;
competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the public; scientific or technical information,
including hardware information, system descriptions and recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer
hardware, software or other technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and
relationships with customers or vendors of PSECU, the products of any of them, and any performance results of any of them.
Provider will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Information which it receives during the ordinary
course of conducting business with PSECU or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from PSECU following
notice given to PSECU by Provider specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and
the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Information received by Provider, or any PSECU-
approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement, except (1) as permitted
pursuant to the exceptions listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompanying regulations, arid (2) as
required by applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Furthermore, Provider agrees and promises to
destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from PSECU, including any copies, within a reasonable
time following its receipt of written notice from PSECU to destroy such Confidential Information, including any medium
upon which or within which that Information resides. Unless otherwise specifically agreed by Provider and PSECU ina writing
made a part of this Agreement between then, Provider agrees to perform destruction not later than the date of termination of
this Agreement. Provider also agrees to provide PSECU with written assurance of such destruction upon the written request
of PSECU. Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any
applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups so
that no Confidential Information is readable or reproducible in any format. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the
contrary, PSECU acknowledges that it is difficult to ensure that electronically-stored information is fully and finally destroyed,
so Provider shall only be required to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to destroy electronically-stored information.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Information
as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of one (i)
year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent Provider is in possession of any Sponsor member data, Provider's
obligations with respect to such Sponsor member data shall survive termination of this Agreement indefinitely.

Notice of Security Breach. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Provider agrees to fully disclose any
breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information
storage, that may pertain to any information of PSECU or its members. Provider agrees to report the date, time, and manner
of any such breach, the effect of the breach on PSECU, and any specific corrective action Provider will be taking in response
to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to PSECU within 24 hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or
information storage.

Non-Discrimination. Supplier, Provider and any subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60- 1.4(a), 60-
300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as
protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color,
religion, sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take
affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national
origin, protected veteran status or disability.

Trademarks and Publicity. Neither Party may refer to the other Party in advertising nor use the other Party's logos, trademarks,
or service marks without the prior written consent of the other Party. Each Party acknowledges that the other Party's logos,
trademarks, and service marks are the sole property of the other Party.

Compliance with Regulations and Standards. It is expressly understood that the Parties to the Agreement and any sub-
contractors of either Party will comply with all applicable rules and regulations of any governmental, regulatory and
accreditation authorities. Provider agrees to promptly report to PSECU, as described in the Notices section of this document,

3

