4. Contractor shall not have a financial interest in any other contractor,
subcontractor, or supplier providing services, labor, or material under this
contract, unless the financial interest is disclosed to the Commonwealth
in writing and the Commonwealth consents to. Contractor?s financial
interest prior to Commonwealth execution of the contract. Contractor
shall disclose the financial interest to the Commonwealth at the time of
bid or proposal submission, or if no bids or proposals are solicited, no
later than Contractor?s submission of the contract signed by Contractor.

5. Contractor certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that within the
last five (5) years Contractor or Contractor Related Parties have not:

a) been indicted or convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude or
business honesty or integrity in any jurisdiction;

b) been suspended, debarred or otherwise disqualified from entering into
any contract with any governmental agency;

c) had any business license or professional license suspended or revoked;

d) had any sanction or finding of fact imposed as a result of a judicial or
administrative proceeding related to fraud, extortion, bribery, bid
rigging, embezzlement, misrepresentation or anti-trust; and

e) been, and is not currently, the subject of a criminal investigation by
any federal, state or local prosecuting or investigative agency and/or
civil anti-trust investigation by any federal, state or local prosecuting
or investigative agency.

If Contractor cannot so certify to the above, then it must submit along with its bid,
proposal or contract a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made and
the Commonwealth will determine whether a contract may be entered into with the
Contractor. The Contractor?s obligation pursuant to this certification is ongoing from and
after the effective date of the contract through the termination date thereof.
Accordingly, the Contractor shall have an obligation to immediately notify the
Commonwealth in writing if at any time during the term of the contract it becomes
aware of any event which would cause the Contractor?s certification or explanation to
change. Contractor acknowledges that the Commonweaith may, in its sole discretion,
terminate the contract for cause if it learns that any of the certifications made herein
are currently false due to intervening factual circumstances or were false or should have
been known to be false when entering into the contract.

(6) Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the Lobbying Disclosure
Act (65 Pa.C.S. ?13A01 et seq.) regardless of the method of award. If this
contract was awarded on a Non-bid Basis, Contractor must also comply
with the requirements of the Section 1641 of the Pennsylvania Election
Code (25 P.S. ?3260a).

(7) When Contractor has reason to believe that any breach of ethical
standards as set forth in law, the Governor?s Code of Conduct, or these
Contractor Integrity Provisions has occurred or may occur, including but
not limited to contact by a Commonwealth officer or employee which, if
acted upon, would violate such ethical standards, Contractor shall
immediately notify the Commonwealth contracting officer or the Office of
the State Inspector General in writing.

(8) Contractor, by submission of its bid or proposal and/or execution of this
contract and by the submission of any bills, invoices or requests for
payment pursuant to the contract, certifies and represents that it has not
violated any of these Contractor Integrity Provisions in connection with
the submission of the bid or proposal, during any contract negotiations or
during the term of the contract, to include any extensions thereof.

Page 10 of 24
