RBOWSER
[Date]
ATTACHMENT A TO KU4900000395

Cost to the Consumer

PSECU believes a member should not pay to use their account, and has adopted a low- or no-fee
philosophy. University students, faculty and staff will incur few or no costs related to the productsand
services associated with their PSECU account. As part of our relationship with Kutztown, PSECU will
deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership
into each new Kutztown member account. (A $5 minimum share purchase will be made on behalf of the
member by PSECU. If the member account is closed within the first year of membership, the initial $5
share will be retained by PSECU.)

Campus consumers may make deposits to other financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM.
PSECU does not surcharge for non-member deposits, but does surcharge non-member withdrawal
transactions at a rate of $1.50 at our campus ATMs to offset the expense of the free services provided
to our membership.

Please refer to PSECU?s current fee schedule for members for additional fee information.

TYPE | FEE

Service Charges

Stop payment fee for a series (two or more)

Non-sufficient funds fee $30
Returned deposit fee

PIN (Personal Identification Number) mailed to you

(if requested more than two times in a fixed month period)
Account paper statement copy (the most recent quarterly
statement or last two monthly statements are free)*

Dormant Accounts - An account is considered dormant if there
has been no activity or member-initiated correspondence

for at least one year. PSECU will assess a bpp ielasesr
these accounts. If an account has $2 or less, the total amount
remaining will be charged and the account will be closed.

To avoid the fee, members can simply make a deposit/
withdrawal or contact PSECU.

Address Change - PSECU will assess this service charge if you
move and fail to tell us your new address for the entire
previous calendar year

ATMs**
[Deposits and withdrawals | Free, Urea]

ATM deposit adjustment charge (e.g. entry errors, math errors,
deposit incorrect endorsement, etc.)
PSECU Visa?

[ustestea i as Tatrh ees eM ase i aie S| SAO Se es

Wire Transfers

Outgoing from PSECU to another financial institution (domestic)
Incoming sent to PSECU from another financial institution

?Copies of cleared checks and paper statements are available online through PSECU's
ontine banking and mobile banking programs at no cost. The fees described above only
apply if PSECU prints and mails the requested documents.

**Our ATMs on the Kutztown University campus will have a $1.50 ATM surcharge for non
PSECU member withdrawal transactions.

?
KURFP - 0257 STUDENT ON-CAMPUS BANKING SERVICES PSEGe

PSECU Cost Proposal | Page 3 of 6
