Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

14. CONTRACTOR INTEGRITY. It is essential that those who seek to contract
with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (?Commonwealth?) observe high standards of honesty
and integrity. They must conduct themselves in a manner that fosters public confidence in the
integrity of the Commonwealth contracting and procurement process.

a. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of these Contractor Integrity Provisions, the
following terms shall have the meanings found in this Section:

1) ?Affiliate? means two or more entities where (a) a parent entity owns
more than fifty percent of the voting stock of each of the entities; or (b) a
common shareholder or group of shareholders owns more than fifty
percent of the voting stock of each of the entities; or (c) the entities have
a common proprietor or general partner.

2) ?Consent? means written permission signed by a duly authorized officer
or employee of the Commonwealth, provided that where the material
facts have been disclosed, in writing, by prequalification, bid, proposal,
or contractual terms, the Commonwealth shall be deemed to have
consented by virtue of the execution of this contract.

3) ?Contractor? means the individual or entity that has entered into this
contract with the Commonwealth.

4) ?Contractor Related Parties? means any affiliates of the Contractor
and the Contractor?s executive officers, Pennsylvania officers and
directors, or owners of 5% or more interest in the Contractor

5) ?Financial Interest? means either:

a) Ownership of more than a five percent interest in any business; or

b) Holding a position as an officer, director, trustee, partner, employee,
or holding any position of management.

6) ?Gratuity? means tendering, giving, or providing anything of more than
nominal monetary value including, but not limited to, cash, travel,
entertainment, gifts, meals, lodging, loans, subscriptions, advances,
deposits of money, services, employment, or contracts of any kind. The
exceptions set forth in the Governor's Code of Conduct, Executive Order
1980-18, the 4 Pa. Code ?7.153(b), shall apply.

7) ?Non-bid Basis? means a contract awarded or executed by the
Commonwealth with Contractor without seeking bids or proposals from
any other potential bidder or offeror.

b. In furtherance of this policy, Contractor agrees to the following:

1) Contractor shall maintain the highest standards of honesty and integrity
during the performance of this contract and shall take no action in
violation of state or federal laws or regulations or any other applicable
laws or regulations, or other requirements applicable to Contractor or
that govern contracting or procurement with the Commonwealth.

Page 9 of 24
