II. REQUIREMENTS TO PROPOSAL

A. Affirmative Action Program:

1.

The Financial Institution shall be an equal opportunity employer and shall conform
to all Affirmative Action and other applicable requirements. Accordingly, the
Financial Institution shall neither discriminate nor permit discrimination in its
operations or employment practices against any person or group of person on the
grounds of race, color, religion, national origin, or sex in any manner prohibited by
law. A Financial Institution with 50 or more employees shall provide, with its
proposal, the two most recent annual Federal EEO-1 forms.

PSECU response:

The employment policy of PSECU is to provide equal opportunity to all persons. Our
company, therefore, has made a commitment to equal employment opportunity
through a positive and continuing Affirmative Action Program. No employee or
applicant for employment will be discriminated against or harassed because of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, age, General Education Development Certificate
(GED), sexual preference/orientation, otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status,
or be subject to sexual harassment.

To implement these policies, PSECU will continue to:

e Recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job classifications without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual
preference/orientation, or otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status.
PSECU does not discriminate on the basis of national origin or citizenship
status as provided under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986;

e Base decisions on employment so as to further the principle of equal
employment opportunity;

e Insure that promotion decisions are in accord with the principles of equal
employment opportunity by imposing only valid requirements for
promotional opportunities;

e Insure that all personnel actions (including but not limited to compensation,
benefits, transfers, layoffs, return from layoffs, company-sponsored training,
education, tuition assistance, social and recreational programs) are
administered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
sexual preference/orientation, or otherwise qualified disabled or veteran
status.

The Vice President of Human Resources has been designated EEO Coordinator and
is responsible for compliance with state and federal equal employment opportunity
laws, and for implementing the Affirmative Action Program, including equal
employment practices, monitoring, and internal reporting. Employees believing they
have not been treated in accord with this policy or who believe that they have been
subjected to sexual harassment are encouraged to contact the Vice President of
Human Resources.
