access codes, account ownership and names of account owners, account owners email addresses,
demographic information and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; Mailing Lists;
any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory
lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the public;
scientific or technical information, including hardware information, system descriptions and
recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer hardware, software or other
technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and relationships
with customers or vendors of PSECU, the products of any of them, and any performance results of
any of them. CPAA and PSECU will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential
Information which it receives during the course of conducting business, unless it receives prior
written consent following notice specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with whom
it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential
Information, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement
except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ?
6802) and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by applicable law including pursuant to a
court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive termination of this
Agreement. Furthermore, CPAA and PSECU agree and promise to destroy any Confidential
Information that it has received or obtained, including any copies, immediately upon receiving
written notice to destroy Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any paper
copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the
complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Information is readable
or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

5. SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, CPAA and
PSECU agree to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized
intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any
information of either party. Parties agree to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach,
the effect of the breach, and any specific corrective action that will be taken in response to the
intrusion, loss or theft within 5 business days of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of
information or information storage.

6. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. It is expressly understood that the parties to the Agreement and any sub-
contractors of either Party will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any
governmental, regulatory and accreditation authorities.

7. MEMBER COMPLAINTS. CPAA agrees to promptly report, as described in the Notices section of this
document, any PSECU member complaints received by CPAA to PSECU. Further, CPAA agrees to
cooperate in the satisfactory resolution of any PSECU member complaints relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.

8. INDEMNIFICATION. From and after the date of this Agreement, each Party shall indemnify,
defend and hold the other Party, its corporate parents and subsidiaries and all of its and their
employees, subcontractors, agents, officers, directors and shareholders harmless against: (a) any
and all out-of-pocket expenses or losses, liabilities, damages, costs or other direct expenses or
claims or counterclaims of third persons or entities directly related or attributable to (i) such
Party's willful misconduct; (ii) the indemnifying Party's breach of any covenant or warranty made by
the indemnifying Party in this Agreement; and (iii) any material misrepresentation of the
indemnifying Party in this Agreement or any material misrepresentation in or omission from any
document, certificate or information furnished or to be furnished by the indemnifying Party under
this Agreement; (b) any losses due to any fraudulent activity on the part of any employee or agent
of the indemnifying Party; (c) any claims brought by any indemnified Party customer, employee or
third party based upon indemnifying Party's failure to make any payment to such customer,
employee or other third party; and (d) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands,
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, and any reasonable attorney's fees, consultant's fees

PSECU/CPAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 2 of 5
