11.

12.

14.

. Personal Property

The contents of each Financial Education Center shall remain the property of Credit Union
at all times and shall not be construed as fixtures.

Regulatory Approval

The Credit Union's obligation under this Agreement is contingent upon and expressly
subject to the receipt by the Credit Union, in form and substance satisfactory to Credit
Union, of any required approval by any regulatory authority over the Credit Union, its
subsidiaries, or their operations. Credit Union agrees to make related applications upon
execution of this Agreement.

No Joint Venture: Susquehanna University not a Bank

The parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement is intended
or shall be construed to establish Susquehanna University and Credit Union as joint
ventures or partners. In addition, the parties acknowledge and agree that Susquehanna
University, by entering into this Agreement, is not in any manner representing itself to be
a bank or otherwise involved in the banking business.

. Credit Union Bankruptcy

In the event Credit Union is closed or taken over by any bank authority, Susquehanna
University may terminate the Agreement only with the concurrence of such bank
regulatory authority, except for default on part of the Credit Union or a successor, and
any such regulatory authority shall in any event, except for such default, have the
election either to continue, to assign, or to terminate the Agreement; provided, however,
that in the event this Agreement is terminated, the maximum claim of Susquehanna
University for damages or indemnity for injury resulting from the rejection or
abandonment of the unexpired term of the Agreement shall in no event be in an amount
exceeding the rent paid or due for the 30 days preceding Susquehanna University?s request
to terminate this Agreement.

Representations and Warranties of Susquehanna University and Credit Union

a) Susquehanna University represents and warrants to Credit Union that, as of the date of
this Agreement:

1) Susquehanna University is a non-profit organization, existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Susquehanna University is
authorized to conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has
all licenses and permits required to conduct business. Susquehanna University is in
compliance with all legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon
institutions of higher education in Pennsylvania.

2) Susquehanna University and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of
Susquehanna University have full power and authority to enter into, execute,

Page 7 of 15
