F. Affirmative Action:

1.

Community College of Philadelphia is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity
Employer and encourages minority and women-owned organizations to quote.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge.

G. Queries/Addenda:

1.

Queries should be directed to: Marsia Henley via email to
CCPBidResponse@ccp.edu subject MUST reference RFP #9874. Clarifications to
the proposal documents requested by Financial Institutions must be in writing no
later than Wednesday, February 25, 2015 @ 12:00 PM. All parties will be
contacted with the explanation. All such interpretations will be in the form of written
addenda to the proposal documents no later than Friday, February 27, 2015. Any
such addenda will be emailed from CCPBidResponse@ccp.edu. All addenda shall
become part of the proposal/contract documents. Proposals shall acknowledge
addenda on the form provided and cost shall be reflected in the Proposal. If no form
is provided, Financial Institution must acknowledge addenda on their response
proposal.

In case any Financial Institution fails to acknowledge receipt of any such
addendum in the space provided in the Proposal Form, its proposal will
nevertheless be construed as though the addendum has been received and
acknowledged, and the submission of its proposal will constitute acknowledgement
of the receipt for same.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

H. Content of Proposal:

1.

Each Financial Institution by making their proposal represent that they have
read and understand the request for proposal and the specifications.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

I. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

J. Total Cost:

1.

Proposals are to show total cost to Community College of Philadelphia for the
service specified. Should Financial Institution notice obvious omissions on the part
of Community College of Philadelphia in the outline of services, such omissions
should be included and noted in Financial Institution?s response proposal. Hidden
cost(s) revealed during the performance of contract will be construed as
misrepresentation of service and may void award of Contract, at the discretion of
the college.
