PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

K. Work Stoppage by College:

1.

In the event of a work stoppage or strike by the College employees, and such
work stoppage or strike interferes with normal operations on College premises,
neither party shall be liable for failure to perform.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

L. Insurance Termination:

1.

The Companies providing the insurance shall provide written notification to the
College thirty days prior to the termination of any coverage.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

M. Certificates of Insurance:

1.

Upon award and prior to the start of service, a Certificate of Insurance shall be
furnished to the College in evidence of the required coverage.

2. Forward Certificates of Insurance to:

Marsia Henley

Community College of Philadelphia
Purchasing Department, M1-4
Philadelphia, PA 19130

PSECU response:

Upon award and prior to the start of service, a formal Certificate of
Insurance will be furnished to the College in evidence of the required
coverage.

V. CRITERIA FOR AWARD

A. Financial Institution is compliant with the request for Proposal. It is imperative that all

Cc.

the required information be included with the Proposal. Failure to include this
information may render the proposal non-responsive.

Award will be made to the most ?Responsible Financial Institution?. The College
may evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussion with the
respondents. The College may ask for clarifications of minor issues in the proposal
and the Financial Institution agrees to provide this information in the time period
requested by the College or have their proposal deemed non-responsive. The College
may require Financial Institutions to make an oral presentation to College staff.

The Proposal Administrator may waive any informalities or irregularities of
proposals.

D. Criteria to be used in evaluating ?Responsible Financial Institution?.

1. Qualification Statement
2. Depth and breadth of experience of the firm
3. Capacity of firm to service the College account (management reports,
