Cardholders notifying PSECU within two business days of learning of the loss or theft can lose no more
than $50. (As opposed to many other financial institutions, PSECU typically absorbs this cost). However,
if cardholders do not notify PSECU within two business days, and we can prove that we could have
stopped someone from using the PIN without the cardholder?s permission, then the cardholder?s loss

could be as much as $500.

If the cardholder?s statement of account shows transactions they did not make, the cardholder is
required to inform PSECU within 60 days after the statement was mailed to them. If notice is not
provided to PSECU within 60 days and we can prove the fraudulent withdrawal could have been
prevented if timely notice had been provided, the cardholder may not be reimbursed for the amount of

the fraudulent transaction.

Applicants can apply for a PSECU Visa? debit card at our on-campus locations or through our website. A
member must be at least 12-years-old to be eligible for our debit card. PSECU approves service levels
based on an applicant?s credit history. After examining a member?s account history and other factors,
debit card limits are established and communicated to the member. For security reasons, our debit
cards are mailed in plain, white window envelopes to the address of record - with no indication it is
from PSECU. Members need to activate the cards from their telephone of record on the account after
the cards arrive in the mail. There is a sticker provided on the card with the phone number to call for

activation.

Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 nationwide during PSECU's hours of operation to terminate
the use of their card, to report a card lost or stolen or to have a new card issued. After business hours,
the member can call 800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen cards can be reported by
anyone (i.e. non-cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member will need to speak to PSECU to have a

new card issued.

Members who desire to close their account need to complete and sign an Authorization to Close
Account Form, available online or at our campus Centers. The member is responsible to ensure that all
checks have cleared, payroll has stopped and all loans are brought to a $0.00 balance. Members have
the ability to disburse any remaining account funds by check to their account address or deposit to

another PSECU Account.

Costs/Fees Associated with the Banking Accounts:

PSECU believes a member should not have to pay to use their account. Therefore, members appreciate
our low or no fee philosophy. University students, faculty, and staff would incur little or no costs
related to the products and services associated with their PSECU account.

As part of our relationship with Bloomsburg, PSECU will deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1 (Regular
Savings) balance requirement for membership into each new Bloomsburg member account.

Visa? ATM/Debit Card Costs to the Consumer
No POS transaction fees

No account maintenance fees

No minimum balance requirements/fees
No card issuance or replacement fees

Checking Account Costs to the Consumer
e PSECU?s Checking Account only has one fee - a non-sufficient funds fee of $30, which can be

avoided through our free overdraft transfer service
e No monthly usage fee

ee Se Ip ee eae ee ee sa Senne : ?
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe

PSECU Cost Proposal | Page 4 of 9

