PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 |
REV: JULY 2017

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION
CONTRACT FOR

PERSONAL BANKING SERVICES

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into between California University of Pennsylvania of
the State System of Higher Education at 250 University Avenue, California, PA 15419, an agency of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (hereinafter ?University? or the ?Commonwealth?),

and

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union at 1500 Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110 acting
through its proper officials, (hereinafter referred to as ?Contractor?) Federal I.D.# 23-0961140.

Both the University and Contractor, when used together, are hereinafter referred to as ?Parties.?
The University is an instrumentality of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, established by and existing
pursuant to Article XX-A of the Public School Code of 1949, a as is amended, 24 P. S. ? 20-2001-A, ets Seq,
and is authorized thereby to enter into this Contract.? ahs

The University desires to obtain personal banking services from the Contractor.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises
hereinafter expressed and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. TERM OF CONTRACT.

a. The term of this Contract shall commence on the Effective Date (as defined below) and
shall end sixty months after effective date, subject to the other provisions of this Contract.

b. The Effective Date shall be: a) the date this Contract has been fully executed by the
Contractor and by the University and all approvals required by University contracting procedures have
been obtained; or b) the date referenced in this Contract, whichever is later.

?: The Contracting Officer shall issue a written Notice to Proceed to the Contractor directing
the Contractor to start performance on a date which is on or after the Effective Date. The Contractor shall
not start the performance of any work prior to the date set forth in the Notice to Proceed and the University
shall not be liable to pay the Contractor for any service or work performed or expenses incurred before
the date set forth in the Notice to Proceed. No University employee has the authority to verbally direct the
commencement of any work under this Contract.

d. The University reserves the right, upon notice to the Contractor, to extend the term of this
Contract for up to three (3) months upon the same terms and conditions. This will be utilized to prevent a
lapse in Contract coverage and only for the time necessary to enter into a new contract.

e. This Contract may not be renewed.

Page 4 of 32
