+ No balance inquiry fees

* No Point-of-Sale (POS) transaction fees

* No minimum balance requirements/fees

+ Withdrawals can be made immediately after any deposit, regardless of depository
channel. Some restrictions may apply, see our Funds Availability Policy, page 29

* Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to temporarily increase the
withdrawal limit for emergency purposes

+ No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions (excludes
surcharges charged by those institutions)

+  Surcharge-free ATM locator available online and through our mobile app

* Members can use virtually any ATM anywhere for free subject to our surcharge rebate
program. All members are rebated up to $8 per month. Members with recurring Direct
Deposit (no minimum required) are rebated up to $20 per month

In 2016, PSECU rebated over $5.2 million in ATM surcharges to our members. PSECU?s no
foreign ATM fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members the ultimate
freedom and convenience when it comes to using ATMs. In an average month, PSECU members
use over 15,800 ATMs in Pennsylvania.

Online and Mobile Banking - Nearly 80% of our active members regularly use our online and
mobile banking channels as a primary channel for account access. Recognized as a technology
leader in the credit union industry, PSECU continually strives to improve and enhance our
online and mobile offerings to our members. As the mobile device rapidly becomes the branch
of the future, PSECU is well-positioned to stay on top of providing our members with the ability
to manage their money from virtually anywhere.

Our online banking offers many features for our members which include:
* Viewing account balances and transaction history
+ ? Bill Payer service
? Pay up to 80 bills per account
o Choose from thousands of merchants or request one to be added
o Charts and graphs of monthly activity help with budgeting
+ Keep track of your spending habits using our financial summary service
? Transferring funds
o Between one?s own accounts
o Into one?s own account from other financial institutions
o To other PSECU members
co Person-to-Person payments: transfer to non-PSECU members through PayPal?
with just their email or mobile phone number
+ Making loan payments
* ? Applying for loans
* Opening additional accounts and certificates of deposit
?Manage debit card limit increases
+ e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
* Travel notifications for card access and security
* Credit score provided monthly to primary account owners with PSECU Checking Service
or a PSECU Loan product
+ 40 years of archived e-Statements available online at no charge

RFP; MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PCE

Technical Proposal | Page 8 of 34

