3. Reports to the College
The Financial Institution will supply monthly reports to the College summarizing the
transaction activity and related fees due the College. The reports should at a minimum
provide the number of transactions, location, and gross sales.

PSECU response:

PSECU will provide CCP with both a monthly earned incentives report that provides
payment details for services sold and a monthly ATM Report that details the transaction
activity of each of their on-campus ATMs.

F. Other Information Required

The Financial Institution must also provide:

1. Current and future budgets for the College banking services /ATM program and
marketing financial commitment.

PSECU response:

Over the life of the program, PSECU has funded our partner schools over $12
million dollars in scholarships, donations, and sponsorships. The budget for the
current year is part of the PSECU marketing budget that exceeds $12 million.
PSECU expects this amount to increase with the addition of other schools to the
program.

Please refer to our Cost Proposal for our commitment to CCP.

2. A description of your system?s ability to limit cardholder exposure to overdraft
situations.

PSECU response:

Members have a wide variety of overdraft transfer service options to choose from
in the event that their checking account balance is insufficient to cover the
amount of a check or ACH. This service allows funds to be pulled from other
available funds to cover the check or ACH. There is no charge for the overdraft
transfer service.

Overdraft transfer service does not apply to debit card transactions. When using
debit with their PSECU Visa? Check Card, funds must be available in the
checking account or the transaction will be declined, thus removing the
possibility of an overdraft in these situations.

PSECU encourages members to be proactive and monitor their accounts for
potential overdraft situations. Our eAlerts can notify members when their account
balance falls below a specified dollar amount or when deposits have been
received and their balance increases. PSECU is committed to educating our
members to feel confident in their ability to manage their finances and avoid
detrimental situations.

3. The number of POS merchants participating in the ATM network.
None, per Addendum No. | dated February 27, 2015.

4. Provide the number and location of ATM?s which are surcharge free in the
Philadelphia metropolitan area.
41
