Business Administration from The Pennsylvania State University. Karen has 6 years of
service with PSECU.

Gail L. Wenger, PSECU Director, Marketing Research and Data Analytics

As Director of Marketing Research and Data Analytics, Gail Wenger is responsible for
research (market analysis, competitive research, consumer financial behaviors, Voice of the
Customer, segmentation and predictive models) and analytics (reports, trending,
benchmarks, campaign lists and ROI, strategic metrics). She has been involved in several
RFP processes for large projects and software purchases and provides comprehensive
research and data to support the RFP effort. Gail has been employed by PSECU for 14 years.

Margaret M. Delmonico, PSECU Director, Public Relations

Margaret Delmonico oversees PSECU?s community involvement and is responsible for
Corporate Social Responsibility. Contributions to projects such as this RFP are to provide
background and information as related to her area of oversight within PSECU, as well as
historical reference based on her years of service with PSECU. Margaret currently serves on
the Board of Directors for the Central Pennsylvania Food Bank, is Chair of the
Communications Committee and serves on the Board of Directors for Leadership Harrisburg
Area. Additionally, she is the primary PSECU representative for the Rotary Club of
Harrisburg and serves on the Water Project Committee and Membership Committee.
Margaret earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theater, Speech and Communications from
DeSales University and a Master of Science degree in Communication/Journalism from
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania. Margaret has over 36 years of service with PSECU.

Earl T. Lloyd, PSECU Administrator, University Development and Alumni Relations

Earl Lloyd is responsible for negotiating all contracts for on-campus university Centers and
develops and maintains relationships with university officials who are responsible for
implementing the program on their campuses. Earl was the first employee in the current
PSECU University Development Program and has negotiated all current contracts for the
program. His contribution to this RFP includes providing research and background information
from other programs. Earl earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Management from Rowan
University and has 19 years of service with PSECU.

Sara K. Weiser, PSECU Public Relations Manager

Sara Weiser manages and writes curriculum for PSECU?s financial education program,
WalletWorks. She serves on the Harrisburg Regional Council for Junior Achievement of South
Central Pennsylvania and represents PSECU in the Pennsylvania JumpStart Coalition for
Personal Financial Literacy. She is currently pursuing certification as a Certified Credit Union
Financial Counselor through the Credit Union National Association. She holds a Bachelor of
Arts degree from Brown University, where she double-concentrated in Education and
Psychology. Sara also holds a Master of Arts degree from The Pennsylvania State University in
Community Psychology and Social Change, with a graduate certificate in Non-Profit
Administration. Sara came to PSECU from the education field in 2014 and has extensive
experience working with students.

PSECU Team Members and Bios
Page 3 of 5
