10.

44...

12.

indemnifying Party if the other Party properly notifies the indemnifying Party in writing within ten
(10) days of receiving service of process or notification of action commencement. The Party to
the action must provide reasonable assistance to the indemnifying Party in defending any action.

SEVERABILITY. Should any term of this Agreement is determined by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to the maximum
extent to which it is valid and enforceable as determined by such court in such action, and the
remaining provision of the Agreement will, nevertheless, continue in full force and effect without
being impaired or invalidated in any way.

APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any conflict of
law provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. Each Party consents to the
jurisdiction of any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any federal courts in
Pennsylvania, waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. Each
Party agrees that any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over it, and consents to
service of process in any manner authorized by Pennsylvania law.

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. In performing the services required by the Agreement, each Party
will act as an Independent Contractor and not as an employee or agent, or as a partner, as that
term is legally defined by contract law, of the other Party. Neither Party shall make
representations to third parties to the contrary.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. It is expressly understood that the parties to the Agreement and any
sub-contractors of either party will comply with all applicable rules and regulations of any
governmental, regulatory and accreditation authorities. MUAA agrees to promptly report, as
described in the Notices section of this document, any PSECU member complaints received by
them to PSECU. Further, MUAA agrees to cooperate in the satisfactory resolution of any PSECU
member complaints relating to the subject matter of the contractual relationship between MUAA

and PSECU.

INTEGRATION AND AMENDMENTS. The Agreement, including all referenced documents,
constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties. No agent, representative, employee or
officer of either MUAA or of PSECU has the authority to make, or has made, any statement,
agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with the Agreement, which in any
way can be deemed to modify, add to, detract from, or otherwise change or alter its terms and
conditions. No negotiations between the Parties, nor any custom or usage, shall be permitted to
modify or contradict any of the terms and conditions of the Agreement. No modifications,
alterations, changes or waiver to the Agreement or any of its terms shall be valid or binding unless
accomplished by a written amendment signed by both Parties.

. PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY. Each Party warrants that it is the sole owner

or author of, or has entered into a suitable legal agreement concerning either: (a) the design of
any product or process provided or used in the performance of the Agreement which is covered by
copyright or trademark registration or other right duly authorized by the state or federal law, or
(b) any copyrighted material in any report, document or other writing provided under the
Agreement. The indemnifying Party shall defend any suit or proceeding brought against the
indemnified Party due to any alleged copyright or trademark infringement in the United States
for any of the products provided or used in the performance of the Agreement. This is conditioned
upon the indemnified Party providing written notification to the indemnifying Party within ten
(10) days of receiving notice of such suit or proceedings; full right, authorization and opportunity
to conduct the defense thereof; and full information and all reasonable cooperation in the
defense of same. As principles of governmental or public law are involved, MUAA may participate
in or choose to conduct, in its sole discretion, the defense of any such action. If information and

PSECU/MUAA Credit Card Agreement
Page 5 of 8
