Furthermore, MUAA and PSECU agree and promise to destroy any Confidential Information that it
has received or obtained, including any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice to
destroy Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete
incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all
applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any

format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities
regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

. SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, MUAA

and PSECU agree to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized
intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any
information of either party. Parties agree to report the date, time, and manner of any such
breach, the effect of the breach, and any specific corrective action that will be taken in response
to the intrusion, loss or theft within 5 business days of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of
information or information storage.

. NOTICE. Notices under this Agreement shall be provided to the other party by personal

delivery, first-class or certified mail with return receipt requested or overnight delivery at the
address shown below:

If to MUAA:

For delivery by overnight or in person:
Millersville University
Office of Alumni Engagement
205 North George Street
Millersville, PA 17551

For delivery by first-class or certified mail:
Millersville University
Office of Alumni Engagement
PO Box 1002
Millersville, PA 17551
If to PSECU:

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
c/o Corporate Legal Services
1500 Elmerton Ave
Harrisburg, PA 17110

. NON-DISCRIMINATION. The Parties and any subcontractor(s) shall abide by the requirements of 41

CFR ?? 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against
qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities,
and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or
national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and
subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed pursuant to
due and legal action authorizing the same to be done the date first written above.

PSECU/MUAA Credit Card Agreement
Page 7 of 8
