? Online cleared check images and online check search capability

Our mobile app is available to be downloaded on the iPhone", iPad", iPod Touch?,
Android? devices and the Kindle Fire? and allows members access to the many features
including:

? Checking account balances

? Viewing account history

? Transferring money

? Loan payments

* Mobile deposits (In 2001, PSECU was the first financial institution to offer online
deposits, the predecessor of mobile deposits.)

? e-Alerts

In addition, we pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for
our members. PSECU offers members Rapport? by Trusteer? (an IBM company). This
free security software download provides an extra layer of protection when the member
is logged into online banking. In addition, PSECU utilizes multifactor authentication as
an additional online security provision that employs different forms of verification, such
as a unique User ID, before allowing access to secured information.

Auto Loans ? PSECU prides itself in our auto loan rates which typically rival the
competition. Because we don?t price our loans based on our members? credit scores, all
members receive the same low interest rates.

? Same low interest rates for new and used vehicle purchases
? Pre-approved AutoDrafts

? Online applications receive a decision within 30 seconds

? Terms from 24 to 120 months

Visa? Credit Card ? PSECU believes in providing our members with our simple, no-
gimmick credit card.

? 9.9% Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for purchases and cash advances

? 2.9% APR on balance transfers (current rate is in effect up through December 31,
2016)

? No PSECU balance transfer fee

* Only one fee ? up to a $20 late fee that can be avoided if account is paid on time.

Additional Loan Products ? PSECU offers a whole host of loan products for our
members.

? Home Equity Line of Credit
? Real Estate Equity Loan

?? Mortgages

? Signature Loan

? Personal Services Loan

Additional Savings Products

? Regular Savings Accounts

? Christmas Savings Accounts
? Vacation Savings Accounts
* Money Market Accounts

25
