and co-curricular experience. It also allows your students - trained to help their peers - manage
some of the financial challenges unique to the college experience.

Our WalletWorks Program is our financial literacy platform. We have a full-time Certified
Credit Union Financial Counselor on staff to develop financial literacy curriculum and materials
for students of all ages and stages of their college careers. We offer an extensive list of
student-focused presentations for your campus. See pages 31 - 33 for samples of our
WalletWorks Program materials.

Low- or no-fee products and services - Because we are good stewards of our members?
money, many of our members can avoid paying fees by adopting good: consumer behaviors.
PSECU continues to provide a host of low- or no-fee products and services to meet the growing
needs of our members. We strive to be the most affordable choice for consumers when it is
time to select a financial institution. See our Cost Proposal for our current fee schedule.

We get our campus community members started by depositing the initial $5 minimum Share 1
(Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into each new Millersville
member account. (A $5 minimum share purchase will be made on behalf of the member by
PSECU. If the member account is closed within the first year of membership, the initial $5
share will be retained by PSECU.)

PSECU financially supports scholarship programs for the University. These programs are
administered by the University enabling them to provide funds to those who need it most.

In addition to the support in the Agreement between PSECU and the University, PSECU
offers support for student-focused events and programs including sponsorships, athletic
advertising, student newspaper advertising, orientation program support and more.

_ Our generous Funds Availability Policy makes funds from deposits available to our members
on the business day that we receive the deposit, with only a few limited exceptions. This
allows members to make deposits into an ATM, and the funds are available for withdrawal at
the same time. Please refer to page 29 for our Funds Availability Policy.

Our free credit score for members with eligible accounts allows members to view and monitor
their credit score for free within ontine banking.

For the past four years, PSECU has paid a Relationship Reward to continue the legacy of our
22 founding members who created PSECU as a financial cooperative. Their goal was to pool
their resources so everyone could benefit. Each eligible member?s annual Relationship Reward
was calculated based on products and services usage, and, share dividends earned and interest
paid.

PSECU offers members many ways to avoid paying ATM surcharges. We own numerous ATMs
throughout Pennsylvania and are continuously looking for additional locations. PSECU initiated
an alliance with many credit unions in Pennsylvania and Maryland to make ATMs available to
our membership without surcharge. Members will not be surcharged at an alliance ATM that

MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

RFP:

Technical Proposal [ Page 15 of 34

