ATM Network - On-Campus ATMs

PSECU acknowledges the need for ATMs on campus and will continue to maintain a minimum of
3 full-function ATMs on the Bloomsburg University campus in their current locations; Warren
Student Services Center, Monty?s and Scranton Commons (temporary location until the new
residence hall is completed that will house the University Store). Upon completion of the
residence hall, the ATM located at Scranton Commons will be moved to a location within the
new residence hall that is agreeable to the University and PSECU.

PSECU acknowledges that if we are awarded the contract, PSECU will have exclusive ATM
provision rights on Bloomsburg University?s campus. In order to provide ongoing excellent
member service, additional ATMs may be added later in the contract by mutual agreement as
to location and service functionality.

The machines will connect to the STAR? network, and deposits at machines on or off campus
will be immediately available for withdrawal (some restrictions may apply, see our Funds
Availability Policy, page 32. University students, faculty and staff should incur little or no cost
related to the use of our ATMs on campus or in the community. Please refer to Appendix C for
PSECU?s current fee schedule. All ATMs installed by PSECU on University property are affiliated
with the STAR?, PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks.
The University is not liable for the support associated with the ATMs to include (but not limited
to) signage, consumables, d?cor, cleaning and repairs due to neglect and/or vandalism. The
University will provide A/C (alternating current) power to approved ATM locations. Campus
ATMs will be operational 24/7; however, accessibility will be contingent on ATM location on the
campus (i.e. building access hours).

PSECU currently administers the CUS? surcharge-free ATM alliance, which offers over 1,000
surcharge-free ATMs to credit union members in Pennsylvania and 340 ATMs outside
Pennsylvania. PSECU is a member of the CO-OP Financial Services ATM Network, which offers
30,000 surcharge-free ATMs nationwide to PSECU members. In addition, PSECU cardholders may
access any ATM affiliated with the STAR?, PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?,
MasterCard? and Discover? networks surcharge-free. Members can use virtually any ATM
anywhere, for free, through our surcharge rebate program. All members are rebated up to $8
per month. Members with recurring Direct Deposit (no minimum required) are rebated up to
$20 per month. In 2015, PSECU rebated over $5 million in ATM surcharges to our members.
PSECU?s no-foreign ATM fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members
ultimate freedom and convenience when it comes to using ATMs. In an average month, PSECU
members use over 15,800 ATMs in Pennsylvania.

Financial Education Program

For PSECU, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not just a key part of who we are; it
integrates within our program. The CSR Program focuses on five key pillars: Community
Sustainability, Business and Economic Development, Financial Education, Environmental
Responsibility, and Employee Engagement. For the University segment, the education
component is a key focus. PSECU strives to provide meaningful and relevant financial
educational offerings so that students have the knowledge to effectively manage their money
and are equipped to make empowered financial decisions. Packaged together, we call it our
WalletWorks program. WallletWorks has been recognized by the Pennsylvania Credit Union
Association with the Desjardian Award for Adult Financial Education and also recognized as a
winner of the Leaders In Financial Literacy Award for expanding financial literacy beyond the
classroom. Whether it is a one-on-one tutorial, a financial seminar, or tips from our website,
we believe more knowledge empowers us all, thus making PSECU a strong education Partner in
these efforts. With a full-time Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor dedicated to

EE =
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGE

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 8 of 38
