?)

d

S

e)

The Contractor's obligations pursuant to these provisions are ongoing from and after the
effective date of the contract through the termination date thereof. Accordingly, the
Contractor shall have an obligation to inform the Commonwealth if, at any time during
the term of the Contract, it becomes delinquent in the payment of taxes, or other
Commonwealth obligations, or if it or any of its subcontractors are suspended or debarred
by the Commonwealth, the federal government, or any other state or governmental entity.
Such notification shall be made within 15 days of the date of suspension or debarment.

The failure of the Contractor to notify the Commonwealth of its suspension or debarment
by the Commonwealth, any other state, or the federal government shall constitute an
event of default of the Contract with the Commonwealth.

The Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the reasonable costs of
investigation incurred by the Office of State Inspector General for investigations of the
Contractor?s compliance with the terms of this or any other agreement between the
Contractor and the Commonwealth, which results in the suspension or debarment of the
Contractor. Such costs shall include, but shall not be limited to, salaries of investigators,
including overtime; travel and lodging expenses; and expert witness and documentary
fees. The Contractor shall not be responsible for investigative costs for investigations that
do not result in the Contractor?s suspension or debarment.

The Contractor may obtain a current list of suspended and debarred Commonwealth
Contractors by either searching the Internet at:
http://www.dgs.state.pa.us/dgs/cwp/view.asp?a=353&Q=115573&dgsNAV=|5053| or
contacting the:
Department of General Services Office of Chief Counsel
603 North Office Building Harrisburg, PA 17125
Telephone No. (717) 783-6472
FAX No. (717) 787-9138

All Contractors (if a corporate entity both signatories to the Contract must execute) with

the State System shall sign the certification below:
ntractor R: nsibility Certification

I certify that I, the Contractor identified herein, am not currently debarred or suspended by
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and am eligible to contract with the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania for the goods and/or services contained in this contract.

Pee siden I

Title

Contractor/Vendor Title

izl3 lzouy

Date

H IN Tl RA

I
THE STATEMENT ABOVE.

Page 7 of 22
