Elizabethtown College Financial Educational Center

This Financial Educational Center Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of

Sone \2 , 2015 between Elizabethtown College (?College?) having a principal place of
business located at One Alpha Drive, Elizabethtown, PA 17022, and Pennsylvania State Employees
Credit Union (?Credit Union?) having a principal place of business located at 1500 Elmerton Ave,
Harrisburg, PA 17110. For the consideration set forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Use of Space

Elizabethtown College agrees to lease to Credit Union certain interior wall and floor space for
the use by the Credit Union as a Financial Educational Center at the location listed on
Attachment A, attached hereto, which may be revised from time-to-time by mutual agreement.
Elizabethtown College represents that the location identified in Attachment A includes all
Financial Educational Centers which are currently operating or planned for opening. Financial
Educational Center, as used here, will include any financial service facility or staff presence.
Each Financial Educational Center established on Elizabethtown College property shall be
subject to this Agreement.

2. Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the Financial Educational Center will continue to be located on the Main
campus of Elizabethtown College. As to any Financial Educational Center (or anything that would
compete, in Credit Unions sole discretion, with Credit Union services) contemplated in the
future, Elizabethtown College shall have the right to offer such an arrangement to any third
party provided Elizabethtown College first provides Credit Union with not less than 30 days?
notice to Credit Union, during which time Credit Union shall have the option to provide a
Financial Educational Center under the terms and conditions hereof. If Credit Union fails to
exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period, Credit Union?s rights with regard to that
future Financial Educational Center shall cease.

3. Term

a. The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years, commencing on 07/01/2015 (the
?Commencement Date?) and terminating on 06/30/2020 (the ?Initial Term?).

b. Within ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the parties agree to
mutually renegotiate the terms of the Agreement for an additional term of two (2) years.
In the absence of an agreement Credit Union shall have the option to continue this
Agreement from month-to-month for a period not to exceed six (6) months and shall have
the option to renew upon any other terms which Elizabethtown College indicates in
writing to Credit Union it intends to accept from a third party.

c. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, either party (the
?Terminating Party?) may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial Educational
Centers (the ?Terminated Financial Educational Center?) at any time for any or no reason,
as follows:

1. The Terminating Party shall send not less than ninety (90) days written
notification (?Termination Notice?) to the other party indicating the intent to
terminate the Agreement as to the Financial Educational Centers specified in the
Termination Notice and specifying the effective date of such termination

Page 1 of 15
