Should you have any questions, please submit them via e-mail to:
CCPBidResponse@ccp.edu

All questions and answers will be shared with all bidders involved in the bidding
process. Deadline for questions is Wednesday, February 25, 2015 @ 12:00 P.M. (EST)

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

Information Required/Bid Specification

The Financial Institution?s proposal must be submitted in the format, including heading
descriptions, outlined below. To be considered, the proposal must respond to all
requirements in this part of the RFP. The Financial Institution should provide any other
information thought to be relevant, but not applicable to the enumerated categories. This
information should be provided as an appendix to the Financial Institution?s proposal

A. Letter of Transmittal
The letter of transmittal must include an introduction of the Financial Institution?s
company, the name, address, telephone number, fax number, Federal ID number, and e-
mail address of the person to be contacted, along with others who are authorized to represent
the Financial Institution in dealing with this RFP. It should also state the number of
geographical miles between the College and the office that will provide the services to the
College campus.

PSECU response:
Please refer to our Letter of Transmittal which is attached to this proposal.

B. Statement of the Service
State in succinct terms your understanding of the service required by this RFP.

PSECU Response:

The Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU) seeks to be Community College
of Philadelphia?s (CCP/College) on-campus provider of student and employee financial and
ATM services. This will be achieved by working with the College to provide continuing
ATM service and by committing to an on-campus presence of a Financial Education Center
prepared to service the campus community by the start of the fall 2015 semester. Our
proposal includes revenue to the College as outlined in the Cost Proposal.

C. Management Summary
Include a narrative summary, which briefly describes the Financial Institution?s approach
to the proposal and clearly indicates any options or alternatives. It should indicate any
major requirements, which cannot be met by the Financial Institution. This summary
should highlight the major features of the proposal and identify any supporting
information considered pertinent. In short, the reader should be able to determine the
essence of the proposal and generally how well it meets the requirements by reading the
executive summary.
