Michael C. Verotsky, PSECU Director, University Development

As the Director of University Development, Michael Verotsky oversees the development and
implementation of strategies to grow, retain, and provide value to members and prospective members
through PSECU?s University Development program and its administrators. His position has oversight
responsibility and accountability for the overall University Development program. Michael has held a
number of positions in his 19 years of service with PSECU. For the 10 years prior to his current post, he
served the PSECU membership by directing the company?s digital banking program that includes its
online and mobile banking initiatives. Michael?s commitment to academia extends beyond his work at
PSECU. He has coached women?s basketball at Harrisburg Area Community College since 2002,
currently serving as their head coach. Michael earned his Associate?s in Computer Information Systems
from Harrisburg Area Community College and his Bachelor of Science in Computer Systems Technology

from Duquesne University.

Gail L. Wenger, PSECU Director, Marketing Research and Data Analytics

As Director of Marketing Research and Data Analytics, Gail Wenger is responsible for research (market
analysis, competitive research, consumer financial behaviors, Voice of the Customer, product review
ratings, usability studies, segmentation, and predictive models) and analytics (reports, trending,
benchmarks, campaign lists and ROI, and strategic metrics). Prior to joining PSECU, she worked with a
marketing consulting firm and a banking institution. She has been involved in several RFP processes for
large projects and software purchases and provides comprehensive research and data to support the
RFP effort. Gail has been employed by PSECU for 17 years.

Margaret M. Delmonico, PSECU Director, Public Relations

Margaret Delmonico oversees PSECU?s Public Relations unit that includes Corporate Communications,
and Community Outreach that includes Corporate Social Responsibility and Financial Literacy.
Margaret?s contributions to RFPs provide background and information as related to her area of
oversight within PSECU, as well as historical reference based on her extensive service with PSECU.
Margaret currently serves on the Board of Directors for Leadership Harrisburg Area where she is Co-
Chair of the Board and Chair of the Resource Committee. She also serves on the Board of Directors for
the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association Foundation. She is the primary PSECU representative for the
Rotary Club of Harrisburg and serves on the Water Project Committee and the Harrisburg Rotary
Foundation Board. She is also a past board member of the Central PA Food Bank where she served as
Secretary and Chair of the Communications Committee. Margaret earned a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre
and Speech and Communications from DeSales University and a Master of Science in
Communication/Journalism from Shippensburg University. Margaret has over 38 years of service with

PSECU.

Paula A. Walter, PSECU Director, ATM, Branch and Payment Operations

As Director of the ATM, Branch and Payment Operations, Paula is responsible for overseeing the
operations of PSECU?s ATM network, campus card processing, payment and deposit processing, and all
services provided at PSECU?s branches. She is actively involved in industry networking for all areas that
fall under her responsibilities to include serving as president on the Diebold Nixdorf Advisory Board and
as past president of the Jack Henry Image Center Advisory board. Additionally, Paula serves on the
STAR?/First Data Advisory Board. Paula has 37 years of service with PSECU.

Allie Slater, PSECU University Development Manager

In her current role of University Development Manager in the Western Pennsylvania region, Allie
oversees Edinboro University, California University of Pennsylvania, and Clarion University. She is
responsible for staffing, supervising multiple Financial Education Center managers and operations,
coordinating marketing initiatives, and providing financial literacy and organizational support. Allie
worked for credit unions in marketing and business development since 2013. As a previous Community
Development Manager for PSECU in the Erie region, she managed the Financial Education Center on
Edinboro University?s campus, and conducted Business Development efforts in Erie, Crawford, Mercer,
Warren, Venango, and Clarion counties. Allie earned a Bachelor of Arts in Public Relations from
Edinboro University and has been with PSECU since 2015.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | aa |
