XIll.

PSECU is a great value to students not only financially but also educationally. That?s why
PSECU seeks assistance from the University to let the community know how exactly we can be

of service.

During the term of this agreement, the University agrees to support PSECU as follows:
* Permit on-campus tabling at student events such as freshmen orientations, Student

Fairs, etc.

* Allow PSECU an active role in freshman orientation, including the opportunity to
present to parents and students during orientation

* Permit campus promotions and giveaways sponsored by PSECU

* Provide PSECU access to common areas for tabling events throughout the year

* Permit PSECU to conduct financial seminars to students and faculty

* Provide a PSECU web link on the University?s website

* ? Allow PSECU to send two (2) annual mailings to graduating seniors

* Provide communication/announcements to graduates on PSECU?s Value Proposition

(messaging provided by PSECU)

Opportunities for Additional Investment in the University?s Academic and Co-

curricular Programs

As is the case with every institution of higher learning which PSECU serves, it is very important
to PSECU to become a prominent part of the campus community beyond providing consumer
financial services. Working with the school?s administration, we look for opportunities to
connect with the University community. Recognizing that each University is unique and enjoys
its own culture, our programs encompass a variety of on-campus components that are
customized to the individual institution.

Because PSECU recognizes the importance and value of supporting all of the campuses we
currently serve, there are multiple sponsorships and opportunities for financial support that we
provide in addition to and outside of contractual commitments that resonate with our core
values and beliefs. In addition to providing financial and education/literacy services on all of
the campuses, we strongly believe in supporting the continuing development and growth of the
student population through important events and co-curricular activities. We like to not only
support these causes financially, but to participate and promote our brand and values in
conjunction with helping to bring awareness to the student cause. These student-centered
activities include; orientation activities and apparel, Housing Resources Fair, Scholarship
Awards, CASA Train Your Brain, athletic events, special events, athletic signage, All Things
Money, mascot sponsorship, golf tournaments, Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast Celebrations,
Veteran?s Day Dinner, clubs and student organization activities and events, Accepted Student
Day Events, Grad Fests, and many other campus-specific activities.

PSECU?s longstanding support of Bloomsburg University and its students goes well beyond
contractual obligations and commitments in the current student banking relationship with the
University. The relationship with Bloomsburg University began in September of 2002. Since that
time and at present, PSECU has supported the University by giving significant contributions.
This includes scholarships, account opening incentives, rent for the Financial Education Center
space on campus, ATM rent, renewal bonuses, orientation program support, athletic advertising
support, miscellaneous unrestricted sponsorships and various campus and departmental events
and initiatives. We remain a strong supporter of higher education efforts and place great
emphasis on the education of students, particularly in the area of financial literacy. Our
successful track record at the institutions we serve speaks for itself, and we greatly value and
look forward to a continued long-term relationship with Bloomsburg University.

BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 20 of 38
