PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1

REV: JULY 2017

5) Improper or untimely delivery;

6) Failure to provide an item(s) that is in conformance with the specifications referenced
in this Contract or a Purchase Order;

7) Delivery of a defective item;

8) Failure or refusal to remove material, or remove and replace any work rejected as
defective or unsatisfactory;

9) Discontinuance of work without approval;

10) Failure to resume work, which has been discontinued, within a reasonable time after
notice to do so;

11) Insolvency, bankruptcy or placed into receivership;

12) Assignment made for the benefit of creditors;

13) Failure or refusal within 10 days after written notice by the Contracting Officer, to
make payment or show cause why payment should not be made of any amounts due
for materials furnished, labor supplied or performed, equipment rentals, or for utility
services rendered;

14) Failure to protect, to repair, or to make good any damage or injury to property;

15) Breach of any provision of this Contract;

16) Failure to comply with representations made in the Contractor's bid, proposal or
contract offer; or

17) Failure to comply with applicable industry standards, customs, and practice.

b. In the event that the University terminates this Contract or any Purchase Order in whole or

in part as provided in subparagraph a. above, the University may procure, upon such terms and in such
manner as it determines, items similar or identical to those so terminated, and the Contractor shall be liable
to the University for any reasonable excess costs for such similar or identical items included within the
terminated part of this Contract or a Purchase Order.

c. If this Contract or a Purchase Order is terminated as provided in subparagraph a. above,
the University, in addition to any other rights provided in this section, may require the Contractor to
transfer title and deliver immediately to the University in the manner and to the extent directed by the
Contracting Officer, such partially completed items, including, where applicable, reports, working papers
and other documentation, as the Contractor has specifically produced or specifically acquired for the
performance of such part of this Contract or a Purchase Order as has been terminated. Except as provided
below, payment for completed work accepted by the University shall be at the price set forth in this
Contract. Except as provided below, payment for partially completed items including, where applicable,
reports and working papers delivered to and accepted by the University shall be in an amount agreed upon
by the Contractor and Contracting Officer. The University may withhold from amounts otherwise due the
Contractor for such completed or partially completed works, such sum as the Contracting Officer
determines to be necessary to protect the University against loss.

d. The rights and remedies of the University provided in this section shall not be exclusive
and are in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law or under this Contract.

Page 16 of 32
