10.

41.

12,

a)

b

received or obtained from Credit Union, including any copies, immediately upon receiving
written notice from Credit Union to destroy such Information, including any medium upon
which or within which that Information resides. Community College of Philadelphia agrees to
destroy all Confidential Member Information that it has received or obtained from Credit
Union, and any copies made, not later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and
Community College of Philadelphia also agrees to provide Credit Union with written assurance
of such destruction upon the written request of Credit Union. Acceptable means of destruction
include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or
compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and
backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Inspection of Records

Community College of Philadelphia shall make available, at no added expense to itself, all
accounting, operational and business records, which are in Community College of Philadelphia?s
possession or under its control and which are necessary to verify the basis for all charges billed
to Credit Union hereunder, available for Credit Union?s examination upon at least five (5)
business days prior written notice. Inspection shall be during Community College of
Philadelphia?s regular business hours, and records shall be made available for the term of the
Agreement up to a period of three (3) years after its completion or termination. Any
Community College of Philadelphia subcontracts directly related to this Agreement shall contain
a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit Union the above rights.

Notice of Security Breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, both parties agree to fully disclose
any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of
information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of the other

party. Both parties agree to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the effect of
the breach on the other party, and any specific corrective action they will be taking in response
to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to the breached party within 24 hours of recognition of
said breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

Mutual Indemnification

Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold Community College of Philadelphia harmless
from and against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred or threatened against Community College of Philadelphia on account of or
resulting from this Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial Educational
Center, or any action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or agents or independent
contractors under this Agreement, provided that Credit Union shall not be required to
defend, indemnify or hold Community College of Philadelphia harmless from Community
College of Philadelphia's own negligence or wrongful conduct or that of Community College of
Philadelphia's agents, employees or independent contractors.

? Community College of Philadelphia shall defend, indemnify and hold Credit Union harmless

from and against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever
Page 4

