b)

c)

qd)

e)

f)

Union's operation of each Financial Education Center shall comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. Credit Union shall
bear all costs of construction, installation and operation.

Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Education Center equipment,
furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and scope of the
operation of each Financial Education Center. At Credit Union's expense, Credit Union
shall be solely responsible for the maintenance costs of each Financial Education
Center, and the costs of all data communications necessary for the operation of each
Financial Education Center.

Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that each
Financial Education Center is operational during normal business hours of the Financial
Education Center, which efforts shall include dispatching service personnel, making
repairs and replacements, and monitoring data line problems.

Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit Union or
any wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union. Credit Union may employ
independent contractors for construction and/or maintenance purposes.

Credit Union agrees to provide and maintain, at no expense to Susquehanna

University, the conduit and electrical, computer, telephone and other lines which
serve the Financial Education Center, as well as any and all other facilities or
equipment which may be necessary or appropriate for the operation and maintenance
of the Financial Education Center. The appearance, location and all other features and
characteristics of the lines, facilities and equipment serving the Financial Education
Center will be mutually agreed upon by Susquehanna University and Credit Union.

Credit Union agrees to perform background checks on all employees (who are not
current Susquehanna University students or staff) who will be regularly present on
campus.

Susquehanna University Obligations

a)

Susquehanna University agrees that Credit Union retains the sole right to control
the management of each Financial Education Center; provided, however; that
under no circumstance shall Credit Union, its employees or representatives,
tamper with or have any access (other than commercial use) to any other
Susquehanna University equipment or facilities without prior written consent from
Susquehanna University.

Susquehanna University shall provide custodian services and electricity to the
Credit Union for the operation of each Financial Education Center. Credit Union
shall be responsible for all other utilities.

Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have
access to each Financial Education Center at all times for installing, maintaining,
servicing and operating and removing equipment of the Financial Education
Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal operations of

Page 3 of 15
