PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 |
REV: JULY 2017

Contractor describing the violation and the action it intends to take. If the Family Policy Compliance
Office of the U.S. Department of Education determines that the Contractor improperly disclosed
personally identifiable information obtained from the University?s education records, the University may
not allow the Contractor access to education records for at least five (5) years.

g. The obligations stated in this section do not apply to information:

1) already known to the recipient at the time of disclosure other than through the
contractual relationship;

2) independently generated by the recipient and not derived from the information supplied
by the disclosing party;

3) known or available to the public, except where such knowledge or availability is the
result of unauthorized disclosure by the recipient of the proprietary information;

4) disclosed to the recipient without a similar restriction by a third party who has the right
to make such disclosure; or

5) required to be disclosed by the recipient by law, regulation, court order, or other legal
process.

h. Indemnity: The Contractor shall defend and hold the University harmless from all claims,
liabilities, damages, or judgments brought by a third party, including the University?s costs and attorney
fees, to the extent arising as a result of the Contractor?s negligent or willful failure to meet any of its
obligations under this section.

27. NONDISCRIMINATION. The parties shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes
and regulations governing equal employment opportunity, non-discrimination and immigration. The
parties agree to continue their respective policies of nondiscrimination based on Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 in regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, and national origin; Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972 and other applicable laws; as well as the provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act. Pursuant to federal regulations promulgated under the authority of the Americans With
Disabilities Act, 28 C.F.R. ? 35.101 et seq., the Contractor understands and agrees that it shall not cause
any individual with a disability to be excluded from participation in this Contract or from activities
provided for under this Contract on the basis of the disability. As a condition of accepting this Contract,
the Contractor agrees to comply with the ?General prohibitions against discrimination? set forth in 28
C.F.R. ? 35.130, and all other regulations promulgated under Title II of the Americans With Disabilities
Act which are applicable to all benefits, services, programs, and activities provided by the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania through contracts with outside contractors.

28. SEXUAL HARASSMENT. Federal law and the policies of the University prohibit sexual
harassment of University employees or students. Sexual harassment includes any unwelcome sexual
advance toward a University employee or student, or any other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual
nature that is so severe or pervasive as to create a hostile or offensive working environment for University
employees, or a hostile or offensive academic environment for students. University vendors,
subcontractors and suppliers for this project are required to exercise control over their employees so as to
prohibit acts of sexual harassment of University employees and students. The employer of any person who
the University, in its reasonable judgment, determines has committed an act of sexual harassment agrees
as a term and condition of this Contract to cause such person to be removed from the project site and from
University premises and to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to cause the sexual

Page 20 of 32
