Members? financial needs are accommodated via several delivery channels: online; mobile; phone; or
ATM. PSECU receives an average of 128,585 telephone calls per month from members resulting ina
reduction of paper usage and mail traffic. Some additional statistics that illustrate how PSECU provides
opportunities for our membership to reduce strains on our environment include (as of July 2017):
? 69% of members utilize some form of digital banking, including e-Statements, thus reducing
Paper consumption
? Of the members who use mobile services, 61% have made mobile deposits, thus eliminating
mailing a check for deposit or traveling to an ATM

PSECU moved into a new state of the art corporate headquarters facility in Harrisburg in January of
2014. The 239,000-square foot building was awarded the LEED? Gold certification and offers a number
of environmentally friendly features including:

e Anatural gas-powered CHP (Combined Heat & Power Plant) system that provides the majority of
needed electricity, heating and cooling to the facility. All surplus energy produced is being sold
back to the electric provider.

e Smart lighting that utilizes natural light harvesting and only uses supplemental light when
needed.

e Motion activated water faucets in all lavatories and motion activated lighting throughout the
facility.

? Rooftop garden that reduces building heat in hot weather and cooling costs in the summer. Rain
water from the garden will be used for irrigation, thus reducing the volume of storm water
runoff.

e Approximately 128 printers were eliminated, resulting in reduced energy consumption and
Paper usage savings.

e Special reserved parking for BICVELES): high occupancy end fuel- efnicient wenicles as an incentive

??for-green-transportation: ??_?_?___?__??_ a

Department of Education Student Assistance General Provisions Regulations Issued
Under the Higher Education Act of 1965 as Amended

PSECU understands the University?s obligations to comply with the final regulations noted above,
effective July 1, 2016, intended to ensure that students: 1) have convenient access to their Title IV,
HEA program funds, 2) do not incur unreasonable and uncommon financial account fees on their Title
IV funds, and 3) are not led to believe they must open a particular financial account to receive their

Federal student aid.

PSECU does not and will not market campus student financial accounts, debit cards (including co-
branded cards with the institution?s logo or a card combined with the institution?s student ID) or
prepaid cards as a voluntary or required way for students to receive their Title IV funds.

PASSHE Standard Blueback Contract

We have provided the PASSHE Standard Blueback Contract in Document 7 and PSECU?s Standard
Contract Terms in Document 8. PSECU proposes that these standard contract terms are to be
incorporated into the Standard Blueback Contract from PASSHE.

PSECU noted that the Blueback section numbers and titles listed of the RFP do not correspond to the
section numbers and titles in the version of the Blueback provided by the University to PSECU. Because
of the foregoing discrepancy, PSECU reserves its right to offer alternative contract language related to
the entire Blueback for consideration by the University during the contract negotiation process.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 [ee
