PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION

PASSHE-BB-3 1
REV: SULY 2017

3)

4)

5)

6)

7)

Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

writing, by prequalification, bid, proposal, or contractual terms, the University shall be
deemed to have consented by virtue of the execution of this Contract.

?Contractor? means the individual or entity that has entered into this Contract with the
University.

?Contractor Related Parties? means any affiliates of the Contractor and the Contractor?s
executive officers, Pennsylvania officers and directors, or owners of 5% or more
interest in the Contractor.

?Financial Interest? means either:
a) Ownership of more than a five percent interest in any business; or
b) Holding a position as an officer, director, trustee, partner, employee, or any
position of management.

?Gratuity? means tendering, giving, or providing anything of more than nominal
monetary value including, but not limited to, cash, travel, entertainment, gifts, meals,
lodging, loans, subscriptions, advances, deposits of money, services, employment, or
contracts of any kind. The exceptions set forth in the Governor?s Code of Conduct,
Executive Order 1980-18, the 4 Pa. Code ?7.153(b), shall apply.

?Non-bid Basis? means a contract awarded or executed by the University with
Contractor without seeking bids or proposals from any other potential bidder or offeror.

In furtherance of this policy, Contractor agrees to the tollowing:

HD)

2)

3)

4)

Contractor shall maintain the highest standards of honesty and integrity during the
performance of this Contract and shall take no action in violation of state or federal
laws or regulations or any other applicable laws or regulations, or other requirements
applicable to Contractor or that govern contracting or procurement with the
Commonwealth.

Contractor shall establish and implement a written business integrity policy, which
includes, at a minimum, the requirements of these provisions as they relate to the
Contractor activity with the Commonwealth and Commonwealth employees and which
is made known to all Contractor employees. Posting these Contractor Integrity
provisions conspicuously in easily-accessible and well-lighted places customarily
frequented by employees and at or near where the services are performed shall satisfy
this requirement.

Contractor, its affiliates, agents, employees and anyone in privity with Contractor shall
not accept, agree to give, offer, confer, or agree to confer or promise to confer, directly
or indirectly, any gratuity or pecuniary benefit to any person, or to influence or attempt
to influence any person in violation of any federal or state law, regulation, executive
order of the Governor of Pennsylvania, statement of policy, management directive or
any other published standard of the Commonwealth in connection with performance of
work under this Contract, except as provided in this Contract.

Contractor shall not have a financial interest in any other contractor, subcontractor, or
supplier providing services, labor, or material under this Contract, unless the financial
interest is disclosed to the University in writing and the University consents to

Page 24 of 32
