Functionality and Technical Requirements for Products and Services

PSECU is insured by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) that insures members?
deposits in our credit union up to the $250,000 federal limit. The fund is administered by the National
Credit Union Administration and is backed by the ?full faith and credit? of the United States
government. In addition, PSECU is a participating Receiving Depository Financial Institution (RDFI) in
the ACH Network and accepts Direct Deposits through the Federal Reserve System.

Broad Range of Transactions/Features - PSECU Products and Services

Our vision is to use technology to provide consumer financial services to members virtually anytime,
anywhere. Our superior electronic delivery channels allow members the ability to conduct their financial

transactions at their convenience.

PSECU looks forward to offering a full array of financial services to the California University campus
community. PSECU commits to remaining compliant with ever-changing regulations while working to
offer flexible solutions to meet the continuing financial needs of our members. For more information
about customer privacy and information security, please refer to our Privacy Policy, Document 2.

PSECU does not believe a member should pay to use their account. Therefore, members appreciate our
low- or no-fee philosophy. PSECU continues to provide a host of low- or no-fee products and services to
meet the growing needs of our members. We strive to be the most affordable choice for consumers
when it is time to select a financial institution.

University students, faculty and staff would incur little or no costs related to the products and services
associated with their PSECU account. Please refer to our Cost Proposal for PSECU?s current fee
schedule. As part of our relationship with California, PSECU will deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 14
(Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into each new California member

account.

PSECU is committed to delivering world class service by offering the products and services listed
below:

Free Checking: Despite industry trends, we still believe that our members should not be charged
usage fees or be required to carry a minimum balance in their checking account. While we charge
members a fee for non-sufficient funds, this can be avoided if the member uses our free overdraft
protection transfer service. Please refer to PSECU?s Cost Proposal for additional details regarding our
fee schedule.
e No monthly usage fees
e No minimum balance required
e Free PSECU basic-style checks
? Free overdraft protection transfer service - There is no fee for this service. When Checking
Shares do not have sufficient funds to clear an item that is presented, overdraft protection
transfer service allows money to be pulled from other available funds to clear that item. You
may select shares as overdraft options. You may also select one of our credit card offerings,
provided you have established the line of credit. You must have those shares or loans on your
account, and they must be under the same member's account number. You may add or remove
your overdraft options at any time. Federal regulations limit overdrafts to six per share
account per month. There is no limit, however, to the number of times your Visa? can be
accessed by overdraft, provided there is available credit.

Visa? ATM/Debit Card: Over 306,538 members carry our Visa? debit card both nationally and

internationally.
e ATM transactions can occur on PSECU ATMs or any other ATM in the world, which participate in
the following networks: STAR?, PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, MasterCard?, Discover? and

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | 14 |
