Richard L. Long, PSECU Vice President, Information Technology Services

Rick Long currently oversees the following specialized Information Technology (iT) areas: network and
telecommunication services; programming; database services; business continuity; information
security; project management; help desk; desktop personal computer support; computer operations;
and e-commerce services. His IT expertise has contributed to past RFPs for a document management
system, telecommunications, core banking systems, and online banking. Rick earned a Bachelor of
Science in Leadership and information Technology from Duquesne University and a Master of Science in
Leadership and Information Technology (MSIT) from Duquesne University. Rick is also a Certified
Information Security Manager (CISM), is a member of the CUNA Technology Council, and is a graduate
of Leadership Harrisburg. Rick has 32 years of service with PSECU.

Thomas J. Ruback, PSECU Chief Operating Officer, Transaction Services

As Chief Operating Officer of Transaction Services, Tom Ruback is responsible for PSECU?s credit, debit
and university card portfolios, ATM services, ACH/EFT Services, contact centers (telephone and
branch), items processing, and online deposit processing. He manages all aspects of operations,
including call center, plastic card fraud, and card dispute processing. Tom actively participates in the
response to every university RFP. Tom is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (AICPA), Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA), and past member
of the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA), the Credit Union Risk Council, and Duquesne University
Advisory Council. He serves on the CUNA Payments Sub-committee, an ATM Advisory Group, the Mobile
Payments Industry Workgroup facilitated by the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston and Atlanta, and the
Tokenization Sub-group for those same banks. Tom earned a Bachelor of Science from Penn State
University, University Park. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Chartered Global Management
Accountant (CGMA), and Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA). Tom has 29 years of service with
PSECU.

Jodi L. Harner, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Transaction Services

As Assistant Vice President of Transaction Services, Jodi Harner oversees the operation of all services
within the Transaction Services department - Visa?, ATM, mobile deposit, ACH/EFT, contact centers,
online deposits, and card fraud management. She has been actively involved in all previous RFPs that
dealt with ATMs or campus card requests. Jodi holds an Associate?s degree in Accounting and has 29
years of service with PSECU,

Karen E. Roland, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Marketing and Communications

Karen Roland is Assistant Vice President of Marketing and Communications. She leads PSECU?s brand
and marketing strategy and oversees creative services, digital marketing, social media, advertising,
and marketing project management. Prior to PSECU, Karen spent over 13 years with The Hershey
Company, most recently as Director of Corporate Marketing. Karen has a longstanding history as a
leader in our local communities, and has served on several nonprofit boards including United Cerebral
Palsy of Central PA, St. Theresa School, Penn State Hershey Medical Center?s Advisory Board, and most
recently the board of Pennsylvania Family Support Alliance. Karen also is actively involved with other
nonprofit organizations, including Leadership Harrisburg Area, Easter Seals, Junior Achievement, and
the American Heart Association. In addition, she is an adjunct professor with Penn State University
Harrisburg. Karen?s contribution to RFPs focuses on brand and marketing strategy development,
ideation and marketing execution. Karen has a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from West
Virginia University and a Master of Science in Business Administration from Penn State University,
Harrisburg. Karen has 7 years of service with PSECU.

. cee oa - a P
REP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSE Gee

Technical Proposal | Page 20 of 34

