Attachment A

Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus Financial Educational Center

of Credit Union

Location. Dates and Hours of Operation

The College and the Credit Union agree to open the Financial Educational
Center upon the completion of the renovations to the student center on
campus. The center will be located at in the Governor George M. Leader
Building, 2010 Pennsylvania Ave, York, PA 17404. Dates and hours of
operation will be determined on an as needed basis. The College and the
Credit Union agree to open the Financial Education Center when the
renovations of the student center are completed.

Purpose of Financial Educational Center

Teach Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus students, faculty
and staff about Credit Union services; promote Credit Union membership by
one-on-one interactions at the Financial Educational Center and telephone
contacts; demonstrate how to use automated delivery systems located in the
Financial Educational Center; Offer Students, Faculty and Staff a
comprehensive financial literacy program that can be used to promote
responsible monetary decision making throughout their lives. Assist those on
campus in the application process for Credit Union membership or services.

Expenses

Upon the completion of the renovations of the student affairs area of the campus?

Main building the following expenses will be paid as indicated:

Utilities - all but electric and janitorial services for the Financial Education
Center will be paid by Credit Union; electric and janitorial service expenses
paid by Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus

Insurance - Credit Union shall maintain insurance coverage typical of rented
space and employee bonding for the Financial Education Center upon
opening.

Equipment, supplies, brochures, applications and literature provided and
paid by Credit Union.

Construction of the Financial Education Center space and installation of
furniture and equipment paid by Credit Union. PSECU will pay up to $5,000

Page 14 of 18

14
