29:

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. In performing the services required by the Contract, the
Contractor will act as an independent Contractor and not as an employee or agent of the
Commonwealth.

POST-CONSUMER RECYCLED CONTENT. NOT APPLICABLE.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROVISION. In the performance of the Contract, the Contractor shall
minimize pollution and shall strictly comply with all applicable environmental laws and
regulations.

HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. The Contractor shall provide information to the
Commonwealth about the identity and hazards of hazardous substances supplied or used
by the Contractor in the performance of the Contract. The Contractor must comply with
Act 159 of October 5, 1984, known as the ?Worker and Community Right to Know Act? (the
?Act?) and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto at 4 Pa. Code ? 301.1 et seq.

Material Safety Data Sheet: The Contractor shall provide Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS)
with the information required by the Act and the regulations for each hazardous substance or
hazardous mixture. The Commonwealth must be provided an appropriate MSDS with the initial
shipment and with the first shipment after an MSDS is updated or product changed. For any
other chemical, the Contractor shall provide an appropriate MSDS, if the manufacturer,
importer, or supplier produces or possesses the MSDS. The Contractor shall also notify the
Commonwealth when a substance or mixture is subject to the provisions of the Act. Material
Safety Data Sheets may be attached to the carton, container, or package mailed to the
Commonwealth at the time of shipment.

WARRANTY. The Contractor warrants that all services performed by the Contractor, its
agents and subcontractors shall be free and clear of any defects in workmanship or materials.
Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, all services and parts are warranted for a period
of one year following completion of performance by the Contractor and acceptance by the
Commonwealth. The Contractor shall correct any problem with the service and/or replace
any defective part with a part of equivalent or superior quality without any additional cost
to the Commonwealth.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable federal and state
laws and regulations and local ordinances in the performance of the Contract.

INTEGRATION. The Contract, including all referenced documents, constitutes the entire

agreement between the parties. No agent, representative, employee or officer of either the
Commonwealth or the Contractor has the authority to make, or has made, any
statement, agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with the Contract,
which in any way can be deemed to modify, add to or detract from, or otherwise change
or alter its terms and conditions. No negotiations between the parties, nor any custom or
usage, shall be permitted to modify or contradict any of the terms and conditions of the
Contract. No modifications, alterations, changes, or waiver to the Contract or any of its terms
shall be valid or binding unless accomplished by a written amendment signed by both
parties. All such amendments shall be made using the appropriate Commonwealth form.

Page 16 of 22
