XI. STATEMENT OF AFFIRMATIVE ACTION COMPLIANCE

A. Each Supplier and Subcontractor shall include the following affirmative action clause in
each of its covered government contracts or subcontracts (and modifications, renewals or
extensions thereof if not included in the original contract):

B. Affirmative Action for Disabled Veteran and Veterans of the Vietnam Era.

L.

The Supplier will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for
employment because he or she is a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era
in regard to any position for which the employee or applicant for employment is
qualified. The Supplier agrees to take affirmative action to employ, advance in
employment and otherwise treat qualified disabled veteran and veterans of the
Vietnam era without discrimination based upon their disability or veterans status
in all employment practices such as the following: Employment upgrading,
demotion or transfer, recruitment, advertising, layoff or termination, rates of pay
or other forms of compensation, and selection for training, including
apprenticeship.

The Supplier agrees that all suitable employment openings of the Supplier which
exist at the time of the execution of this contract and those which occur during
the performance of this contract, including those not generated by this contract
including those occurring at an establishment of the Supplier other than the one
wherein the contract is being performed but excluding those of independently
operated corporate affiliates, shall be listed at an appropriate local office of the
State employment service system wherein the opening occurs. The Supplier
further agrees to provide such reports to local office regarding employment
openings and hires as may be required.

C. State and local government agencies holding Federal contracts of $10,000 or more shall
also list all their suitable openings with the appropriate office of the State employment
service, but are not required to provide those reports set forth in paragraph (2) and (3).

1.

Listing of employment openings with the employment service system pursuant to
this clause shall be made at least concurrently with the use of any other
recruitment source or effort and shall involve the normal obligations which attach
to the placing of a bona fide job order, including the acceptance of referrals of
veterans and non-veterans. The listing of employment opening does not require
the hiring of any particular job applicant or from any particular group of job
applications, and nothing herein is intended to relieve the supplier from any
requirements in Executive Orders or regulations regarding nondiscrimination in
employment.

The reports required bay paragraph (B.2) of this clause shall include, but not be
limited to, periodic reports which shall be filed at least quarterly with the
appropriate local office, or, where the Supplier has more than one hiring location
in a State, with the central office of that State employment service. Such reports
shall indicate for each hiring location (1) the number of individuals hired during
the reporting period. (2) The number of non-disabled veterans of the Vietnam era
hired, (3) the number of disabled veterans of the Vietnam era hired, and (4) the
