Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

the federal government, or any other state or governmental entity. Such notification shall be made
within 15 days of the date of suspension or debarment.

d. The failure of the Contractor to notify the Commonwealth of its suspension
or debarment by the Commonwealth, any other state, or the federal government shall constitute
an event of default of the Contract with the Commonwealth.

e. The Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the reasonable
costs of investigation incurred by the Office of State Inspector General for investigations of the
Contractor?s compliance with the terms of this or any other agreement between the Contractor
and the Commonwealth, which results in the suspension or debarment of the Contractor. Such
costs shall include, but shall not be limited to, salaries of investigators, including overtime; travel
and lodging expenses; and expert witness and documentary fees. The Contractor shall not be
responsible for investigative costs for investigations that do not result in the Contractor?s
suspension or debarment.

f, The Contractor may obtain a current list of suspended and debarred
Commonwealth contractors by either searching the Internet at http://www.dgs.state.pa.us/ or
contacting the:

Department of General Services
Office of Chief Counsel
603 North Office Building
Harrisburg, PA 17125
Telephone No. (717) 783-6472

All Contractors (if a corporate entity both signatories to this Contract must execute) with the State
System shall sign the certification below:

Contractor Responsibility Certification

I certify that I, the Contractor identified herein, am not currently debarred or
suspended by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and am eligible to contract
with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for the goods and/or services contained

in this contract.
bo Sif _Pesiduct

Contractor Title
3/23/77
Date

ALL PARTIES WHO SIGN THIS CONTRACT ON BEHALF OF THE CONTRACTOR
MUST SIGN THE STATEMENT ABOVE.

Page 8 of 24
