Commitment to Safety and Security on the University Campus

PSECU strives to provide the safest and most secure working environment at our Financial Education
Centers on University campuses by abiding by our hiring practices and providing ongoing training to
support this commitment.

PSECU utilizes credit reports on candidates under consideration for hire. The information is
requested and reviewed at the conclusion of the interview process and before an offer is extended.
All candidates must be deemed credit worthy and bondable to proceed in the selection process. If
the credit report is acceptable and a conditional offer is accepted, then the criminal background
Process is initiated. PSECU conducts a national, state and county criminal background check prior to
finalizing any employment offers. Candidates must also Pass the PA Child Abuse History Clearance
and Federal Criminal history (Fingerprinting) to continue employment.

PSECU is also committed to ensuring that all programs conducted on the University campus promote
the health, wellness, safety and security of minors under the age of eighteen who participate in
these programs. In order to ensure that this objective is met, PSECU has committed to the following

provisions:
* PSECU will provide the University with the name(s) of the individual(s) who have primary and

direct operational responsibility for managing the Financial Education Center and all program
staff who may have direct contact, or otherwise oversee minors.

* PSECU will maintain a strict Code of Conduct to ensure the safety of minors who use the
Financial Education Center.

* All PSECU staff who have any contact with the University campus are deemed mandated
reporters and are trained according to Pennsylvania law. All mandated reporters shall make an
immediate report of suspected child abuse or cause a report to be made if they have
reasonable cause to suspect that a child is a victim of child abuse.

* All authorized adults or program staff working with minors are required to be trained on
policies and issues related to minor health, wellness, safety, and security. This training will be
completed annually and may differ based on role. The program administrator can certify to the
University that all program staff has satisfactorily completed required training before being
allowed to use or lease University facilities.

PSECU acknowledges that it may be necessary from time to time to modify the provisions of this
Agreement pertaining to protection of minors in order to comply with legislative or policy updates,
including updates to policies of the Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education. In such cases, the
University will notify PSECU of the necessary changes and they will be incorporated into an amendment

to the Agreement.

neve = arene - as ee rane ae eee a a eee *
BURFP - RO8@423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSE@ue

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 27 of 38
