Community College of Philadelphia
1700 Spring Garden Street, M1-4
Philadelphia, PA 19130

XII. MACBRIDE PRINCIPLES, SLAVERY ERA BUSINESS & EXCLUDED PARTIES

AFFIDAVIT

ON THE 5 th day of March, 2015, before me, the undersigned Officer, personally appeared Gregory A.
Smith, who is the President of the company known as the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
(PSECU) (the ?Financial Institution?), and who, being duly sworn according to law and intending to
be legally bound, certified and represented that the following statements are true and correct:

I. MacBride Principles

A. In accordance with Section 17-104 of The Philadelphia Code (the ?Code??), (1) the
Financial Institution (including any parent company, subsidiary, exclusive distributor or company
affiliated with Financial Institution) does not have, and will not have at any time during the term of the
Contract (including any extensions thereof), any investments, licenses, franchises, management
agreements or operations in Northern Ireland, and (2) no product to be provided by Financial Institution
under the Contract will originate in Northern Ireland, unless the Financial Institution has implemented the
fair employment principles embodied in the MacBride Principles.

B. In the performance of the Contract, the Financial Institution will not utilize any suppliers,
subcontractors or sub-consultants at any tier (1) who have (or whose parent, subsidiary, exclusive
distributor or company affiliate have) any investments, licenses, franchises, management agreements or
operations in Northern Ireland or (2) who will provide products originating in Northern Ireland unless
said supplier, sub-consultant or subcontractor has implemented the fair employment principles embodied
in the MacBride Principles.

Il. Slavery Era Business. In accordance with Section 17-104 of the Code, Financial Institution has
searched any and all records of the company or any predecessor company regarding records of
investments or profits from slavery or slaveholder insurance policies during the slavery era. The names of
any slaves or slaveholders described in those records are as follows: | None

Il. Excluded Parties. Financial Institution and its principal employees are not listed on the General
Services Administration List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement or Non-Procurement
Programs nor has Financial Institution or its principal employees been debarred, suspended or otherwise
excluded or declared ineligible from contracting with the United States of America, the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, the City of Philadelphia or any of their respective agencies.

The Financial Institution expressly understands and agrees that any false certification or representation
contained herein and any failure to comply with the provisions of this Affidavit shall constitute a breach
of the Contract entitling Community College of Philadelphia to all rights and remedies provided in the
Contract or otherwise available at law (including, but not limited to, Section 17-104 of the Code) or in

equity.
