3-3

3-4

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

45

4.6

BANKING/SERVICE CENTER FACILITIES

A. Preference will be given to financial institutions willing to provide a full service center
located in the Student Memorial Center. The center would be a point of contact for
marketing purposes, or opening accounts, and for answering questions, etc. Please
describe any such proposed center and how it would be staffed. Preference will be
given to those financial institutions that may provide part-time employment or
internship opportunities to Millersville university undergraduate students. The
financial institution would be responsible for any renovations and associated costs.

EDUCATION
A. Provide any educational offerings on financial literacy to students and employees you
may offer.

INFORMATION REQUIRED FROM BIDDERS

PROPOSAL

Bidder shall include APPENDIX A that has been signed by an official authorized to
bind the bidder to the proposal contents.

To be considered, the proposal must identify and respond in order listed to all
requirements in Section 3 and include all information requested below. Any other
information thought to be relevant, but not applicable to the enumerated categories,
should be provided as an appendix to the proposal.

REFERENCE ACCOUNTS

Bidder shall provide a minimum of three references {include company/college name,

address, contact person and his/her phone & email address) for whom you provide a
similar product delivery service. Include the length of time that you have been servicing
each customer.

PERSONNEL

Names of the personnel who will be responsible for providing the services shall be listed
along with their resumes.

IMPLEMENTATION SCHEDULE
An outline of implementation schedule is to be included.
CORPORATE FINANCIAL CONDITION

Bidder shall provide financial statements or otherwise describe the financial stability and
longevity of their company.

COST DATA

Costs and/or financial benefits to the University shall be provided and uploaded
separately as noted in section 1-10. Be specific in outlining all proposed revenue sharing
for ATM transactions, banking service participants, support for the university programs
and/or students, etc.

