PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

2) Provide such other assistance as the University may reasonably request, in order to
comply with the RTKL with respect to this Contract.

d. If the Contractor considers the Requested Information to include a request for a Trade
Secret or Confidential Proprietary Information, as those terms are defined by the RTKL, or other
information that the Contractor considers exempt from production under the RTKL, the Contractor must
notify the University and provide, within seven (7) days of receiving the written notification, a written
statement signed by a representative of the Contractor explaining why the requested material is exempt
from public disclosure under the RTKL.

: e. The University will rely upon the written statement from the Contractor in denying a
RTKL request for the Requested Information unless the University determines that the Requested
Information is clearly not protected from disclosure under the RTKL in which case the Contractor shall
provide the Requested Information within five (5) days of receipt of written notification of the University?s
determination.

?. If the Contractor fails to provide the Requested Information within the time period required
by these provisions, the Contractor shall indemnify and hold the University harmless for any damages,
penalties, costs, detriment or harm that the University may incur as a result of the Contractor?s failure,
including any statutory damages assessed against the University.

g. The University will reimburse the Contractor for any costs associated with complying with
these provisions only to the extent allowed under the fee schedule established by University or if none, by
the Office of Open Records or as otherwise provided by the RTKL if a fee schedule is inapplicable.

h. The Contractor may file a legal challenge to any University decision to release a record to
the public with the Office of Open Records, or in an appropriate Pennsylvania Court, however, the
Contractor shall indemnify the University for any legal expenses incurred as a result of such a challenge
and shall hold the University harmless for any damages, penalties, costs, detriment or harm that the
University may incur as a result of the Contractor?s failure, including any statutory damages assessed
against the University, regardless of the outcome of such legal challenge. As between the parties, the
Contractor agrees to waive all rights or remedies that may be available to it as a result of the University?s
disclosure of Requested Information pursuant to the RTKL.

38. APPLICABLE LAW. This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any conflict of laws
provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. The Contractor consents to the jurisdiction of
any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any federal courts in Pennsylvania, waiving any
claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. The Contractor agrees that any such court
shall have in personam jurisdiction over it, and consents to service of process in any manner authorized
by Pennsylvania law.

39. MISCELLANEOUS.

a. PUBLICITY: Contractor shall not reference or use the name of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, the State System of Higher Education, the University or any official, employee, unit or
department or any logo, trademark or symbol associated with any of the above for commercial promotion.
News releases or other publicity pertaining to this Contract shall not be made without the prior written
approval of the University.

b. INTEGRATION: This Contract, including all referenced documents and any issued
Purchase Order(s), constitute the entire agreement between the parties. No agent, representative, employee

Page 28 of 32
