PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 |
REV: JULY 2017

Additional Revenue Opportunities for the University are as follows:

California

PSECU Service | Incentive
New Student/Family Member Account i $5.00
L New Faculty/Staff Account $20.00
Real Estate Equity Loan $20.00
Auto Loan $10.00
Check Card | $5.00

Checking $5.00 |
Classic and Founders VISA? ul $5.00
b. The University qualifies for governmental discounts and educational discounts.

Unit prices shall reflect these discounts. Contractor warrants that the terms, conditions and price(s) for the
goods or services sold to the University hereunder are not less favorable to the University than those
extended to any other comparable agencies, institutions, universities, teaching hospitals, colleges, or
community colleges (?similar parties?) for the same or similar goods or services in similar quantities or

= scope of work: Inthe event Contractor reduces its prices or provides more favorable terms and-conditions-
to the public or to similar parties for such goods or services during the term of this Contract, Contractor
agrees to reduce the price(s) charged under this Contract effective as of the date of such price reduction
and offer the more favorable terms and conditions as of the date of such offer. For purposes of determining
whether a prompt-payment discount, if applicable, may be taken by the University, the starting date of
such period shall be the later date of the properly executed invoice or the date of completion of services
or delivery of product. Contractor warrants that prices on this Contract shall be complete, and no additional
charges of any type shall be added without the University?s express written consent. Such additional
charges include, but are not limited to shipping, packaging, labeling, custom duties, taxes, storage,
insurance, boxing and crating.

Cc: The University reserves the right to purchase goods and services covered under this
Contract through a separate procurement procedure, whenever the University deems it to be in its best
interest.

6. COOPERATIVE PURCHASING/PIGGYBACKING. The goods or services described within
this Contract provided by the Contractor to the University may also be procured by any other university
that is part of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education, including the Dixon University Center
(Office of the Chancellor), subject to all other applicable procurement requirements. The Contractor
agrees to supply the goods or services described within this Contract or competitively solicited as part of
the award of this Contract on the same or more favorable terms and conditions. To the extent that other
universities may procure goods or services, those individual universities will enter into a separate contract
with the Contractor and assume all liability for payment to the Contractor.

Page 8 of 32
