b)

3)

4)

5)

6)

deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this
Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of Susquehanna
University. Susquehanna University further states that it is not acting in
contravention to any rights or authority of Susquehanna University by entering into
this Agreement, nor is it the information or belief of Susquehanna University that
any permission is needed from said University prior to entering into this
Agreement.

Susquehanna University is not in violation of nor will the execution of this
document constitute a violation with respect to any order of any court or any
regulation to any federal, state or other governmental agency which would
materially and adversely affect the financial condition or operations of
Susquehanna University or adversely affect its ability to perform under this
Agreement.

No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Susquehanna University which would adversely affect its ability to perform
under the terms of this Agreement.

No information conveyed in any written statement from Susquehanna University to
Credit Union will, to the knowledge of Susquehanna University, contain any
misstatement of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the
obligations of Susquehanna University under this Agreement.

Susquehanna University will advise Credit Union if there are any changes in these
representations during the term of this Agreement.

Credit union represents and warrants to Susquehanna University that, as of the date of
this Agreement:

1)

2)

3)

Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to conduct
its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses and permits
required to conduct business. The Credit Union is in compliance with all legislative
and regulatory requirements imposed upon credit unions in Pennsylvania.

Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit Union,
have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement shall
constitute a valid and binding obligation of Credit Union.

Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document
constitute a violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation of
any federal, state or other governmental agency which would materially and
adversely affect the financial condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely
affect its ability to perform under this Agreement.

Page 8 of 15
