Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

The hazard warning shall be given in conformity with one of the
nationally recognized and accepted systems of providing warnings, and
hazard warnings shall be consistent with one or more of the recognized
systems throughout the workplace. Examples are:

> NFPA 704, identification of the Fire Hazards of Materials.

> National Paint and Coatings Association: Hazardous
Materials Identification System.

>? American Society for Testing and Materials, Safety Alert
Pictorial Chart.

> American National Standard Institute, Inc., for the
Precautionary
Labeling of Hazardous Industrial Chemicals.

Labels must be legible and prominently affixed to and displayed on the
product and the carton, container, or package so that employees can
easily identify the substance or mixture present therein.

b. Material Safety Data Sheet. The Contractor shall provide Material Safety
Data Sheets (MSDS) with the information required by the Act and the regulations for each
hazardous substance or hazardous mixture. The Commonwealth must be provided an appropriate
MSDS with the initial shipment and with the first shipment after an MSDS is updated or product
changed. For any other chemical, the Contractor shall provide an appropriate MSDS, if the
manufacturer, importer, or supplier produces or possesses the MSDS. The Contractor shall also
notify the Commonwealth when a substance or mixture is subject to the provisions of the Act.
Material Safety Data Sheets may be attached to the carton, container, or package mailed to the
Commonwealth at the time of shipment.

29. WARRANTY. The Contractor warrants that all services performed by the
Contractor, its agents and subcontractors shall be free and clear of any defects in workmanship or
materials. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, all services and parts are warranted for a
period of one year following completion of performance by the Contractor and acceptance by the
Commonwealth. The Contractor shall correct any problem with the service and/or replace any
defective part with a part of equivalent or superior quality without any additional cost to the
Commonwealth.

30. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable
federal and state laws and regulations and local ordinances in the performance of the Contract.

31. INTEGRATION. The Contract, including all referenced documents, constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties. No agent, representative, employee or officer of either
the Commonwealth or the Contractor has the authority to make, or has made, any statement,
agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with the Contract, which in any way
can be deemed to modify, add to or detract from, or otherwise change or alter its terms and
conditions. No negotiations between the parties, nor any custom or usage, shall be permitted to
modify or contradict any of the terms and conditions of the Contract. No modifications,
alterations, changes, or waiver to the Contract or any of its terms shall be valid or binding unless
accomplished by a written amendment signed by both parties. All such amendments shall be
made using the appropriate Commonwealth form.

Page 19 of 24
