18.

19.

20.

21.

medium upon which or within which that Information resides. Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus agrees to destroy all Confidential Member
Information that it has received or obtained from Credit Union, and any copies
made, not later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus also agrees to provide Credit
Union with written assurance of such destruction upon the written request of
Credit Union. Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any
paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs
or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and
backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Inspection of Records

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus shall make available, at no
added expense to itself, all accounting, operational and business records, which
are in Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus?s possession or under
its control and which are necessary to verify the basis for all charges billed to
Credit Union hereunder, available for Credit Union?s examination upon at least
five (5) business days prior written notice. Inspection shall be during
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus?s regular business hours, and
records shall be made available for the term of the Agreement up to a period of
three (3) years after its completion or termination. Any Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus subcontracts directly related to this
Agreement shall contain a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit
Union the above rights.

Notice of security breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus agrees to fully disclose any breach in its
security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of
information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of
Credit Union or its members. Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus
agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the effect of
the breach on Credit Union, and any specific corrective action Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus will be taking in response to the intrusion,
loss or theft directly to the Credit Union within 24 hours of recognition of said
breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be

deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitutes one and the same
instrument.

Entire Agreement

Page 11 of 18
