other technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and |
relationships with customers or vendors of PSECU, the products of any of them, and any |
performance results of any of them. WCUAA and PSECU will not sell, transfer or share with any i
third parties any Confidential Information which it receives during the course of conducting |
business, unless it receives prior written consent following notice specifying exactly what |
information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose |
is being requested. Any Confidential Information, may be used only as is necessary to complete
the stated purpose of this Agreement except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in i
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by
applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as
herein stated shall survive termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, WCUAA and PSECU agree
and promise to destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained, including
any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice to destroy Acceptable means of destruction
include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or
compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups
so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities i
regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any i
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

6. SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, WCUAA
and PSECU agree to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized |
intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any
information of either party. Parties agree to report the date, time, and manner of any such
breach, the effect of the breach, and any specific corrective action that will be taken in response i
to the intrusion, loss or theft within 5 business days of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of |
information or information storage. |

7. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. It is expressly understood that the parties to the Agreement and any
sub-contractors of either Party will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any
governmental, regulatory and accreditation authorities.

8. MEMBER COMPLAINTS. WCUAA agrees to promptly report, as described in the Notices section of
this document, any PSECU member complaints received by WCUAA to PSECU. Further, WCUAA
agrees to cooperate in the satisfactory resolution of any PSECU member complaints relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

9. INDEMNIFICATION. From and after the date of this Agreement, each Party shall indemnify,
defend and hold the other Party, its corporate parents and subsidiaries and all of its and their
employees, subcontractors, agents, officers, directors and shareholders harmless against: (a) any i
and all out-of-pocket expenses or losses, liabilities, damages, costs or other direct expenses or |
claims or counterclaims of third persons or entities directly related or attributable to (i) such |
Party's willful misconduct; (ii) the indemnifying Party's breach of any covenant or warranty made
by the indemnifying Party in this Agreement; and (iii) any material misrepresentation of the |
indemnifying Party in this Agreement or any material misrepresentation in or omission from any
document, certificate or information furnished or to be furnished by the indemnifying Party under
this Agreement; (b) any losses due to any fraudulent activity on the part of any employee or agent
of the indemnifying Party; (c) any claims brought by any indemnified Party customer, employee
or third party based upon indemnifying Party's failure to make any payment to such customer,
employee or other third party; and (d) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands,
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, and any reasonable attorney's fees, consultant's fees
or court costs incident to any of the foregoing, except for any loss due to the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the other party or its agents or employees. This section shall not limit the
liability of either party for damages for breach of this Agreement.

PSECU/WCUAA Affinity Credit Card Agreement
Page 3 of 5

