Richard L. Long, PSECU Vice President, Information Technology Services

Rick Long currently oversees the following specialized Information Technology (IT) areas: network
and telecommunication services, Programming, database services, business continuity, information
security, project management, help desk, desktop personal computer support, computer operations,
and e-commerce services. His IT expertise has contributed to past RFPs for a document management
system, telecommunications, core banking systems, and online banking. Rick earned a Bachelor of
Science in Leadership and Information Technology from Duquesne University and a Master of Science
in Leadership and Information Technology (MSIT) from Duquesne University. Rick is also a Certified
Information Security Manager (CISM), serves on the Credit Union National Association Technology
Council, and is a graduate of Leadership Harrisburg. Rick has 32 years of service with PSECU.

Thomas J. Ruback, PSECU Chief Operating Officer, Transaction Services

As Chief Operating Officer of Transaction Services, Tom Ruback is responsible for PSECU?s credit,
debit and university card portfolios, ATM services, ACH/EFT Services, contact centers (telephone and
branch), items processing, and online deposit Processing. He manages all aspects of operations,
including call center, plastic card fraud, and card dispute processing. Tom actively participates in
the response to every university RFP. Tom is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also serves on the Credit
Union National Association Payments Sub-committee, an ATM Advisory Group, the Mobile Payments
Industry Workgroup facilitated by the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston and Atlanta, and the
Tokenization Sub-group for those same banks. Tom earned a Bachelor of Science from Penn State
University, University Park. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Chartered Global Management
Accountant (CGMA), and Certified Financial Services Auditor (CFSA). Tom has 29 years of service with

PSECU.

Jodi L. Harner, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Transaction Services

As Assistant Vice President of Transaction Services, Jodi Harner oversees the operation of all services
within the Transaction Services department - Visa?, ATM, mobile deposit, ACH/EFT, contact
centers, online deposits, and card fraud management. She has been actively involved in all previous
RFPs that dealt with ATMs or campus card requests. Jodi holds an Associate?s degree in Accounting
and has 29 years of service with PSECU.

David B. Dentler, PSECU Senior Director, Membership Development

As Senior Director, Dave Dentler has oversight responsibility for three main areas in the marketing
department: Business Development, Public Relations, and the University Development program. Prior
to joining PSECU, he spent 29 years in a variety of administrative capacities in higher education. He
has experience with community colleges and both public and private four-year institutions, with his
most recent position being Vice President for Administration and Secretary to the Board at
Elizabethtown College, where he was employed for 21 years. Dave earned a Bachelor of Science in
Business Administration from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Education from Temple
University, and a certificate from Harvard Graduate School of Education, the Institute for
Educational Management (IEM). Dave previously served on the PSECU Board of Directors and now has
three years of service with PSECU.

Gail L. Wenger, PSECU Director, Marketing Research and Data Analytics
As Director of Marketing Research and Data Analytics, Gail Wenger is responsible for research

(market analysis, competitive research, consumer financial behaviors, Voice of the Customer,
product review ratings, usability studies, segmentation and predictive models) and analytics

st meres Sones = a = aR ee ee m
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe=

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 22 of 38

