THIS CONTRACT, made and entered into this 13" day of April, between Millersville
University of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education, having its
principal offices at 2986 North Second Street, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17110, (hereinafter
?State System?, ?Commonwealth,? or ?Agency?),
and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU), having their principal offices at 1 Credit
Union Place, Harrisburg, PA, 17110, Federal 1.D. # 23-0961140, acting through its proper

officials, (hereinafter referred to as ?Contractor?).

Both the State System and Contractor, when used together, are hereinafter referred to
as Parties. The State System is an instrumentality of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
established by and existing pursuant to Article XX-A of the Public School Code of 1949, as
amended, 24 P.S. ? 20-2001-A, et seq., and is authorized thereby to enter into this Contract.

The State System desires to obtain ATM and Banking Services from the Contractor.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises
hereinafter expressed and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. CONTRACTOR DUTIES. The Contractor, as per the University?s RFP (Attachment 1), and
PSECU?s Technical Proposal (Attachment 2), subject to the terms and conditions set
forth below, shall perform the following specified duties.

a. Contractor shall provide and maintain a full service free-standing ATM located
in the University?s Student Memorial Center (available during the Center?s
normal business hours) and a second full service ATM at the site of the
current ATM machine on Centennial Drive. Service access at the Centennial
Drive location must be twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week.
Full service shall include both dispensing and depository capabilities. The
Contractor shall also provide and maintain ATM?s in Lyle Hall, Gordinier Hall,
and the Ware Center. (All three shall operate during normal business hours.)
These final three machines must have cash dispensing capabilities only. By
mutual agreement between the University and the selected contractor, the
ATM?s and/or additional ATM?s may be installed at other campus locations,
provided the institution confirms its ability and willingness to install and
operate them at its own expense. ATM?s shall be serviced and maintained as
per Attachment 2.

b. Contractor shall operate a student-staffed e-center in the Student Memorial
Center that will be open 30 hours a week during fall and spring semesters.
Saturday and summer hours will be based on operational needs. Contractor
agrees to staff Banking Center per attachment 2.

c. Following the execution of this contract and by mutual agreement between
the Contractor and the University PSECU shall remodel and refresh current
on-campus Banking Center at the sole cost to PSECU.

d. Contractor shall make available to students, faculty and staff who elect to
open PSECU accounts all financial services currently offered to any existing
PSECU members and any services outlined in Attachment 2.

e. Contractor shall support direct deposit of student paychecks and potentially,
financial aid reimbursements to student checking accounts.

Page 3 of 24

|
|

