g. PSECU may utilize pre-approval and invitation-to-apply types of mailing solicitations for the
LHUF Cards. These solicitations will be sent to Alumni on a list provided to PSECU by LHUF
("the Mailing List", as defined in Section 2).

h. Marketing Plan - PSECU will work with LHUF to create a mutually agreed upon a marketing
plan to promote the Program to Alumni. PSECU shall incur the cost associated with this
marketing plan.

2. RESPONSIBLITIES OF LHUF. LHUF, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, shall
perform the following specified duties:

a. LHUF will provide PSECU with the Mailing List of Alumni as follows: LHUF shall update its
alumni list (complete names and mailing addresses) prior to each agreed upon mailing for the
Marketing Plan, and shall remove any inaccurate names and/or addresses from it, and any
Alumni who do NOT wish to receive mailings (i.e. a ?Do Not Solicit List"), LHUF represents and
warrants to PSECU that any Mailing List provided to PSECU will not contain Alumni information
which appears on a Do Not Solicit List.

b. LHUF and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks), logos,
trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of each
respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may not
be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website, framed,
deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form. Nothing contained on the Site shall be
construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to make
commercial use of any IP or partner trademark, intellectual property right or copyrighted
material without the express prior written permission of the owner of such IP.

c. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 2.b to the contrary, LHUF hereby grants to PSECU the
limited license to use LHUF's IP on the LHUF Cards, which license shall not expire upon the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, but only upon the embossed expiration date of
any LHUF Cards in existence. Thereafter, LHUF Cards shall be reverted to a like PSECU credit
card upon the credit card renewal dates.

3. TERM. This agreement takes effect on October 1, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?) and will terminate
on September 30, 2023. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree to meet during the final
year of this Agreement to discuss renewal options. Any such agreement upon renewal terms shall
be in writing and signed by both parties.

4. TERMINATION. Either Party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement for convenience by
providing sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other Party. PSECU may continue to accept
applications from Alumni after termination or expiration of this Agreement as being within PSECU's
field of membership, and not as part of the Program. Upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement, PSECU shall retain all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY. LHUF and PSECU agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that LHUF has a
responsibility for confidentiality of its member?s data and PSECU is a highly regulated financial
institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any ?Confidential Information". Confidential Information shall specifically
include all non-public member data, account or personal information, such as account numbers,
access codes, account ownership and names of account owners, account owners email addresses,
demographic information and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; Mailing Lists;
any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory
lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the

PSECU/LHUF Affinity Credit Card Agreement
Page 2 of 5

PSECU - Internal Use Only
