f. Contractor shall provide all services, such as financial education programs
and value added services, as outlined in Attachment 2. (PSECU?s Technicat
Proposal)

2. TERM OF CONTRACT. The term of the Contract shall commence on the Effective Date
(as defined below) and shall end on the Expiration Date identified in the Contract,
subject to the other provisions of the Contract. The Effective Date shall be fixed by the
Contracting Officer after the Contract has been fully executed by the Contractor and by
the Commonwealth and all approvals required by Commonwealth contracting procedures
have been obtained. The Contract shall not be a legally binding contract until after the
Effective Date is affixed and the fully executed Contract has been sent to the
Contractor. The Contracting Officer shall issue a written Notice to Proceed to the
Contractor directing the Contractor to start performance on a date which is on or after
the Effective Date. The Contractor shall not start the performance of any work prior to
the date set forth in the Notice to Proceed and the Commonwealth shalt not be liable to
pay the Contractor for any service or work performed or expenses incurred before the
date set forth in the Notice to Proceed. No agency employee has the authority to
verbally direct the commencement of any work under this Contract. The Commonwealth
reserves the right, upon notice to the Contractor, to extend the term of the Contract for
up to three (3) months upon the same terms and conditions. This will be utilized to
prevent a lapse in Contract coverage and only for the time necessary, up to three (3)
months, to enter into a new contract.

3. RENEWALS. Not applicable.

4. COST OF AGREEMENT. It is understood that the cost of this Agreement to the State
System shall not exceed $0. Contractor will be responsible for the installation and on-
going maintenance associated with conduit, electrical, computer, telephone and other
data and phone lines which serve the Financial Education Center and the ATMs, as well
as any and all other facilities, equipment or furniture which may be necessary or
appropriate for the operation and maintenance of the Center. Contractor will take full
responsibility for marketing the program proposed in this response. These materials are
prepared and provided by PSECU at its sole cost and expense.

5. COMPENSATION/EXPENSES. The Contractor shall be required to perform the specified
services at the price(s) quoted in the Contract. All services shall be performed within
the time period(s) specified in the Contract. The Contractor shall be compensated only
for work performed to the satisfaction of the Commonwealth. The Contractor shall not
be allowed or paid travel or per diem expenses except as specifically set forth in the
Contract. Attachment 3 contains Contractor?s Cost/Financial Benefits to the University.
University shall be compensated per Attachment 3. ;

Within ninety (90) days of execution of this contract, Contractor shall make a one-time
unrestricted bonus payment of $100,000 to the University. An unrestricted renewal
bonus of $45,000 shall be paid within the first 90 days of the second, third, fourth, and
fifth anniversary dates. All other payments shall follow the schedule set forth in
Attachment 3. Contractor?s commitment of guaranteed revenue over the five (5) year
period is $700,000.

6. INVOICES. Unless the Contractor has been authorized by the Commonwealth for
Evaluated Receipt Settlement or Vendor Self-Invoicing, the Contractor shall send an
itemized invoice to the agency at the address referenced on the purchase order
promptly after services are satisfactorily completed. The invoice should include only

Page 4 of 24
