Amendment to the Shippensburg University Financial Educational Center Agreement dated
June 29th, 2015 i ae

Between Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union & Shippensburg University Student

? Services Incorporated _ Se

THIS AMENDMENT (the ?Amendment?), made this 37 day of June, 2020 (?Amendment Effective
Date?), between the Pennsylvania State Employees Cr?dit Union, a Pennsylvania corporation having its
principal business offices at 1500 Elmerton Ave, Harrisburg, PA 17110 (?PSECU? or ?Credit Union?),
and Shippensburg University Student Services Incorporated having its principal offices located at 1871
Old Main Drive, CUB Room 204, Shippensburg, PA 17257 (?SUSS1?).

It is the desire of PSECU and SUSSI who are the same parties to the ?Shippensburg University
Financial Educational Center Agreement?, along with any addenda and exhibits, all of which were dated
June 29th, 2015, and were duly executed by representatives of the aforementioned parties (referred to
herein as the ?Agreement?), to amend the terms of the Agreement. NOW THEREFORE, the parties
agree as follows:

1. The parties agree to extend the term of the Agreement for one year through June 30, 2021
(?Extended Term?).

2. For the Extended Term of the Agreement, the parties agree that Attachment B ? Part 1 of the
Agreement titled Incentive Schedule is hereby deleted and replaced with Attachment B ? Part 1

? attached hereto

3. For the Extended Term of the Agreement, the parties agree Attachment B ? Part 2 of the
Agreement titled Other Payments is hereby deleted and replaced with the Attachment B ? Part 2
attached hereto

4, For the extended term of the Agreement, the parties agree Attachment C titled Staffing
Overview and Salary Schedule is hereby deleted in its entirety.

All other provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Agreement to be
executed and sealed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.

Pennsylvania State Employees Shippensburg University Student Services
Credit Union (PSECU) Incorporated (SUSSI)

By: Gila) veer By: wee Tose rigs
Name: Barbara J. Bowker Name: Ade oi Long

Title. _ VP of Marketing Title. E: e vrectue

