RESPONSIBLITIES OF MUAA. MUAA, subject to the terms and conditions set forth betow, shall
perform the following specified duties:

a. MUAA will provide PSECU with the Mailing List of its members as follows: MUAA shall update
its member list (complete names and mailing addresses) prior to each agreed upon mailing for
the Marketing Plan, and shall remove any inaccurate names and/or addresses from it to the
extent that the law requires that MUAA maintain a list of its members who do NOT wish to
receive mailings (i.e. a "Do Not Soticit List"), MUAA represents and warrants to PSECU that any
Mailing List provided to PSECU will not contain MUAA members? information which appears on
a Do Not Solicit List.

b. MUAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks), logos,
trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of each
respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may not
be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website, framed,
deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form. Nothing contained on the Site shall be
construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to make
commercial use of any IP or partner trademark, intellectual property right or copyrighted
material without the express prior written permission of the owner of such IP.

c. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 2.b to the contrary, MUAA hereby grants to PSECU the
limited license to use MUAA's IP on the Cards, which license shall not expire upon the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, but only upon the embossed expiration date of
any MUAA Cards in existence. Thereafter, MUAA Cards shall be switched back to t a like PSECU
credit card upon the credit card renewal dates.

TERM. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect from the effective date of July 1, f
2017 and will end June 30, 2022. H

TERMINATION. Either Party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement for convenience if |
the terminating Party determines it to be in its own best interest. Such termination shall be {
effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the other Party. PSECU may i
continue to accept applications from MUAA members after termination or expiration of this

Agreement as being within PSECU's field of membership, and not as part of the Program. Upon

termination or expiration of this Agreement, PSECU shall retain all rights, title and interest in all

PSECU member accounts and identifying information.

TAXES. MUAA is exempt from all excised taxes imposed by the

Internal Revenue Service and has accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service (Tax ID
#23-6005568).

FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its performance of any
obligation under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by causes beyond its control and without
the fault or negligence of that party. Causes beyond a party's control include, but are not limited
to, acts of God, warfare, terrorism, changes in controlling law or regulations, orders of or the
requirements of any governmental entity, severe weather conditions, civil disorders, natural
disasters, fire, epidemics and quarantines, general strikes, and any public utility or Internet
failure.

HOLD HARMLESS PROVISION. Each Party shall hold the other harmless from and indemnify it
against any and all claims, demands or actions based upon or arising out of any activities
performed by it and its employees, agents, and/or third party contractors under this Agreement,
and shall, at the request of the other Party, defend any and all actions brought against the other
Party based upon any such claims or demands. Such actions shall only be defended by the

PSECU/MUAA Credit Card Agreement
Page 4 of 8
