1) The Terminating Party shall send not less than 90 days written notification
(?Termination Notice?) to the other party indicating the intent to terminate the
Agreement as to the Financial Education Center specified in the Termination Notice
and specifying the effective date of such termination ("Closing Date").

Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Education Center
until the Closing Date.

2

~

Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Education Center shall be
effective on the date that the Terminated Financial Education Center is closed by
Credit Union, and Credit Union shall operate the Terminated Financial Education
Center until the date of such closure. Credit Union shall not be obligated nor have
the right to operate such Financial Education Center after the Closing Date. Until
the Closing Date of the Terminated Financial Education Center, all terms of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such Terminated
Financial Education Center.

3

~~

4, Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation

a) Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the start of each year for the
upcoming year, the following rent ("Rent") so long as this Agreement is in full force and
effect:

* $8,750.00 per year

* Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per
annum for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.
b) All employees described in Attachment A shall be employees of the Credit Union and
shall not be employees of the Foundation.

>

c) Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachments A and
B. Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be provided
to the Foundation,

d) The terms of Attachments A and B will be reviewed on an annual basis. The Foundation
and Credit Union will mutually agree to any revisions made therein.
e) Credit Union further agrees to payment of Financial Education Center expenses, other

than employee, custodial and electrical expenses as specified on Attachment A.

f) Credit Union agrees to other specific terms of operation (dates, hours, work
parameters and staffing details) as specified on Attachment A. The terms of
Attachment A will be reviewed on an annual basis.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a) Credit Union shall maintain the Financial Education Center listed on Attachment A and
shall maintain the Financial Education Center in accordance with its best practices and
procedures. Credit Union's operation of each Financial Education Center shall comply

Page 2 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

