___________ Educational Center specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar promotions.

h) If Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus mails orientation

material to incoming students prior to their arrival on campus for orientation,
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus will work with the Credit
Union to facilitate insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in
the orientation package that is mailed to each incoming student. These
materials will be prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and
expense. Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees that
Credit Union will have an active role in the orientation process that occurs on
campus, and will be afforded ample opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is not limited to the following:

e The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

e The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the
Credit Union and Financial Educational Center in the tour and educational
presentation to the students; and

e Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Educational
Center in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus will permit Credit Union
to conduct membership drives for students and for their families. Strategies
used by Credit Union for membership drives can include but are not limited to
the following:

e Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in
exchange for opening an account;

? Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership
drive;

e Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a
monetary reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

e Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA
laws and regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be
delivered and mail them through the College mail room.

When possible, membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person
designated by Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus for
approval prior to the Credit Union conducting such a drive. Such requested
approval shall not unreasonably be denied.

Page 5 of 18
