Financial Education Program

For PSECU, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not just a key part of who we are; it integrates
within our program. The CSR Program focuses on five key pillars: Community Sustainability, Business
and Economic Development, Financial Education, Environmental Responsibility, and Employee
Engagement. For the University segment, the education component is a key focus. PSECU strives to
provide meaningful and relevant financial educational offerings so that students have the knowledge to
effectively manage their money and are equipped to make empowered financial decisions.

Packaged together, we call it our WalletWorks program. These offerings focus on key financial topics,
ranging from budgeting to credit and managing student loans to identity theft. The library of materials
available include over 20 presentations tailored to students and staff, as well as parents. PSECU works
to make their financial education programming engaging and applicable to student and staff?s daily
lives, thus, in addition to formal presentation, PSECU offers several interactive activities focused on
financial literacy. These include items such as bingo, crosswords, a jeopardy-style game, and

trivia. PSECU also works to incorporate financial literacy into other aspects of the students? lives,
offering worksheets on building a budget, planning for on/off campus living expenses, and a variety of
handouts that are given out at information tables. WallletWorks has been recognized by the
Pennsylvania Credit Union Association with the Desjardian Award for Adult Financial Education and also
recognized as a winner of the Leaders In Financial Literacy Award for expanding financial literacy
beyond the classroom.

PSECU will also hold special one day events, such as All Things Money, and participate in special
events, such as benefit, health and wellness, or graduation fairs to provide information on relevant
financial literacy topics. Over the past three years, PSECU has encouraged an increased emphasis on
financial literacy on the Millersville campus through outreach from our Financial Education Center. In
2014, PSECU held 14 financial literacy events at Millersville and reached 376 individuals. In 2015,
PSECU held 20 financial literacy events at Millersville and reached 728 individuals. In 2016, PSECU held
18 financial literacy events at Millersville and reached 989 individuals. These events have largely
targeted students and many were organized in collaboration with professors and student groups to
maximize attendance and impact.

Whether it is a one-on-one tutorial, a financial seminar, or tips from our website, we believe more
knowledge empowers us all, thus making PSECU a strong education partner in these efforts. With a full-
time Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor dedicated to curriculum development and delivery,
PSECU has educational materials and programs specifically targeted to support University students as
well as faculty and staff.

RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

Technical Proposal | Page 17 of 34

