Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus Financial Educational
Center

This Financial Educational Center Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of
March 24, 2014 between Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (?Credit Union?). For the consideration set
forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1.

Use of Space

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees to lease to Credit Union
certain interior wall and floor space for the use by the Credit Union as an Financial
Educational Center at the location listed on Attachment A, attached hereto, which
may be revised from time-to-time by mutual agreement. Harrisburg Area Community
College, Lancaster Campus represents that the location identified in Attachment A
includes all Financial Educational Centers which are currently operating or planned for
opening. Financial Educational Center, as used here, will include any financial service
facility or staff presence. Each Financial Educational Center established on Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus property shall be subject to this
Agreement.

Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the initial Financial Educational Center shall be located on the
Lancaster campus of Harrisburg Area Community College. As to any Financial
Educational Center contemplated in the future, Harrisburg Area Community College,
Lancaster Campus shall have the right to offer such an arrangement to any third party
provided Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus first provides Credit
Union with not less than 30 days? notice to permit Credit Union to provide an offer for
providing such a Financial Educational Center under similar terms and conditions . If
Credit Union fails to exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period, Credit
Union?s rights with regard to that future Financial Educational Center shall cease.
Credit Union agrees that Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus has the
option to invite other Financial Institutions onto campus once per semester, but that
such invitation shall not intrude upon or interfere with the operations of Credit Union?s
Financial Educational Center. ,

. Term

a) The term of this Agreement shall be Six (6) years, commencing on July 1, 2014 (the
?Commencement Date?) and terminating on June 30, 2020 (the ?Initial Term?).

b) Within Ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the parties agree
to mutually renegotiate the terms of the Agreement for an additional term of two
(2) years. In the absence of an agreement Credit Union shall have the option to
continue this Agreement from month-to-month for a period not to exceed six (6)
months and shall have the option to renew upon any other terms which Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus indicates in writing to Credit Union it
intends to accept from a third party.

Page 1 of 18
