s/he does not like it, it will probably not meet the definition of ?unwelcome.? Not

every act that might be offensive to an individual or group necessarily will be

considered as harassment and a violation of the SUSS!I's Anti-Sexual

Harassment Policy. In determining whether an act constitutes harassment, the

totality of the circumstances that pertain to any given incident in its context

must be carefully reviewed and due consideration must be given to the
protection of individual rights, freedom, of speech, academic freedom, and
advocacy.

c. For purposes of this Policy, unsolicited sexual advances, requests for sexual
favors, verbal comments, gestures, or physical contact of a sexual nature
which are unwelcome constitute sexual harassment when:

i. Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly as a term
or condition of an individual's employment, support, or participation in
student activities, or entering into a contract with SUSSI.

ii. Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the
basis for employment, support, or participation in student activities, or
entering into a contract with SUSSI decisions affecting such individual, or

iii. Such conduct has the effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's
work performance or participation in student activities or creating an
intimidating, hostile, or offensive work or academic environment.

2. Complainant: The person who is alleging the occurrence of sexual harassment.

3. Respondent: The person whose actions are alleged to have violated the Anti-
Sexual Harassment Policy.

4. Retaliation: Includes threats, intimidation, reprisals, and adverse actions related to
one?s employment or education.

Policy

It is the policy of SUSSI to prohibit harassment of employees, students, and vendors
on the basis of sex. Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination. Where sexual
harassment is found to have occurred, SUSSI will act to stop the harassment,
prevent its recurrence, and, if need be, take appropriate corrective action, including
discharge from SUSSI.

Retaliation against any person who alleges sexual harassment or who reports or
assists in the investigation of a complaint under this Policy may result in disciplinary
action up to and including termination. Retaliation against any person who is the
alleged victim of sexual harassment is prohibited as well.

Responsibilities

Any employee, student, contractor, or vendor who believes that he or she may have
experienced sexual harassment based on this Policy should promptly report the
incidents to The President of SUSSI. Reports may be written or verbal. The
President of SUSSI will report to the Shippensburg University?s VP of Student Affairs
any complaint filed that alleges sexual harassment as defined in this Policy.

The President of SUSSI is responsible for the implementation, dissemination, and

Page 21 of 22
