1. RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU. PSECU, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

PSECU agrees to offer the PSECU Classic Visa? credit card with KUF-approved branding (the
?Card") to KUF members. This Card will be offered at the same rate of interest as the PSECU
Classic Visa? credit card. The terms and conditions, rates and promotional offers related to
the Card are subject to change. The Card will be offered and serviced in like manner as with

PSECU's Classic Visa? credit card.

a.

b. PSECU agrees to pay KUF $50 for each new Card opened by a KUF member who becomes a
PSECU member during the term of this Agreement (with a starting effective date of July, 1,
2017 or later) with PSECU. Renewals of existing PSECU Classic Visa? credit cards and Cards
obtained under this Agreement will not be compensated. Fees charged to KUF alumni
members shall not exceed PSECU's regular fee structure for standard membership.

PSECU will offer existing KUF members who are currently PSECU members who also have
PSECU Classic Visa? credit cards (anyone who was a member of both KUF and PSECU prior to
July 1, 2017) the opportunity to switch to the KUF branded Card. PSECU will pay $10 for each
KUF member who switches to the KUF branded Card during the term of Agreement.

d. PSECU will offer Kutztown University ("KU") students the KUF branded Card once they have
graduated from KU. KUF will provide a list of all graduating KU students to PSECU for
solicitation of PSECU membership and products and services. PSECU will compensate KUF $50
for each new Card that is opened through the Program. For any KU student who is a PSECU
member and is also a PSECU Classic Visa? credit cardholder (both the PSECU membership and
PSECU cardholder status must have been established prior to July 1, 2017), when such
student ?switches? to the KUF branded Card PSECU will compensate KUF $10 for any such

switch which transpires during the term of Agreement.

PSECU shall deliver to KUF a quarterly report indicating the total number of KU alumni who
have become new PSECU members and opened accounts for that quarter, relative to the
terms of this Agreement. PSECU will also indicate the number of Cards opened for that
quarter. PSECU will further state the number of existing KUF members who are also PSECU
Classic Visa? credit cardholders who have switched to the Card in that corresponding quarter.
PSECU will compensate KUF for each of the above instances as stated in 1.b and 1.c above.
Payments will be calculated solely upon those PSECU accounts which are opened on or after

July 1, 2017, by KUF members per this Program.

f. Payments shall be made on a quarterly basis via ACH transfer per instructions to be provided
by KUF to PSECU. In the alternative, payments may be made by check to KUF if KUF notifies
PSECU in writing of such request prior to an ACH payment being made.

PSECU may utilize pre-approval and invitation-to-apply types of mailing solicitations for Cards.
These solicitations will be sent to KUF members on a list provided to PSECU by KUF ("the

Mailing List", as defined in Section 2).

h. Marketing Plan - PSECU will work with KUF to create and mutually agree upon a marketing
plan to promote the Program to KUF members. PSECU shall absorb the cost associated with
this marketing plan.

2. RESPONSIBLITIES OF KUF. KUF, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, shall
perform the following specified duties:

KUF will provide PSECU with the Mailing List of its members as follows: KUF shall update its
member list (complete names and mailing addresses) prior to each agreed upon mailing for
the Marketing Plan, and shall remove any inaccurate names and/or addresses from it to the

a.

PSECU/KUF Credit Card Agreement
Page 3 of 8
