1-2

1-3

1-5

GENERAL INFORMATION

PURPOSE.

This Request for Proposal (RFP) provides interested bidders with sufficient information to
prepare and submit proposals for consideration by Millersville University to satisfy its

need for ATM & banking services. Contractor will be expected to install and operate
automatic teller machines (ATM?s) on campus, provide a full array of banking and debit card
services to interested students and employees.

ISSUING OFFICE

This RFP is issued for Millersville University by the Purchasing Department. The sole
point of contact is: Ryan Bonafair, Purchasing Agent.

From the issue date of this RFP until a determination is made regarding the selection of a
supplier, all contacts concerning this RFP must be made through the issuing office. Any
violation of this condition is cause for PASSHE to reject a supplier?s proposal.

SCOPE

This RFP contains instructions governing the proposals to be submitted and material to
be included therein; a description of the services to be provided; requirements which
must be met to be eligible for consideration; general evaluation criteria; and other
requirements to be met by each proposal.

REJECTION OF PROPOSALS

Millersville University reserves the right to reject any and all proposals received as a
result of this request or to negotiate with any and all competing contractors.

ECONOMY OF PREPARATION

Proposals should be prepared simply and economically, providing a straightforward,
concise, but adequate description of the ability to meet the requirements of this RFP. All
information required must be submitted with the proposal for consideration.

INCURRING COSTS

Millersville University is not liable for any cost incurred by the contractor prior to the
issuance of a contract.

ADDENDA TO THE RFP

If a bidder has any questions regarding this RFP, the bidder must submit those questions
at PASSHE?s eProcurement Exchange (https://www.ebidexchange.com/PASSHE). If it
becomes necessary to revise any part of the RFP, an addendum will be made available
at this website. It is the Bidder?s responsibility to check the site periodically to obtain any
changes in the solicitation. Bidders shall acknowledge all_addenda_in their proposal
response. Bidders who do not have access to the Internet must notify the Issuing
Office.

