PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 t
REV: JULY 2017

the University may seek payment from, or set-off from any payments due to the Contractor under this or
any other Contract with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the costs of removal and clean-up. This is
in addition to all other rights to recover costs incurred by the University.

9. CHANGES. The University reserves the right to make changes at any time during the term of this
Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof: 1) to increase or decrease the quantities resulting from
variations between any estimated quantities in this Contract and actual quantities necessary to meet the
requirements of the University; 2) to make non-material changes to the services within the scope of this
Contract to meet the needs of the University except in no event shall the cost of any goods or services
ordered exceed any stated not to exceed amount for this Contract; 3) to notify the Contractor that the
University is exercising any Contract renewal or extension option; or 4) to modify the time of performance
that does not alter the scope of this Contract to extend the completion date beyond the Expiration Date of
this Contract or any renewals or extensions thereof. Any such change shall be made by the Contracting
Officer by notifying the Contractor in writing. The change shall be effective as of the date of the
notification of the change, unless the notification of change specifies a later effective date. Such increases,
decreases, changes, or modifications will not invalidate this Contract, nor, if performance security is being
furnished in conjunction with this Contract, release the security obligation. Any dispute by the Contractor
in regard to the performance required by any notification of change shall be handled through the section
entitled CONTRACT CONTROVERSIES.

10. OTHER CONTRACTORS. The University may undertake or award other contracts for
additional or related work, and the Contractor shall fully cooperate with other contractors and University
employees, and coordinate its work with such additional work as may be required. The Contractor shall
not commit or permit any act that will interfere with the performance of work by any other contractor or
by University employees. The requirements set forth in this section shall be included in the contracts of
all contractors with which this Contractor will be required to cooperate. The University shall equitably
enforce this section as to all contractors to prevent the imposition of unreasonable burdens on any
contractor.

11. ASSIGNABILITY AND SUBCONTRACTING.

a. Subject to the terms and conditions of this section, this Contract shall be binding upon the
parties and their respective successors and assigns.
b. The Contractor shall not subcontract with any person or entity to perform all or any part of

the work to be performed under this Contract without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer,
which consent may be withheld at the sole and absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

i. The Contractor may not assign, in whole or in part, this Contract or its rights, duties,
obligations, or responsibilities hereunder without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer,
which consent may be withheld at the sole and absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

d. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Contractor may, without the consent of the Contracting
Officer, assign its rights to payment to be received under this Contract, provided that the Contractor
provides written notice of such assignment to the Contracting Officer together with a written
acknowledgement from the assignee that any such payments are subject to all of the terms and conditions
of this Contract.

e. For the purposes of this Contract, the term ?assign? shall include, but shall not be limited
to, the sale, gift, assignment, pledge, or other transfer of any ownership interest in the Contractor provided,
however, that the term shall not apply to the sale or other transfer of stock of a publicly traded company.

Page 10 of 32
