Quick Pay Service

PSECU Quick Pay Service allows our members to make one-time loan payments from another financial
institution to PSECU loans by visiting psecu.com/pay. Members do not need to be enrolled in our online
banking to use this service. Since Quick Pay adapts to different screen sizes, members are able to
quickly and conveniently access the service on desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones.

PSECU Marketing Support

PSECU uses multiple channels and messages to reach students, faculty, staff, alumni, family, and
community members. We understand college is about students becoming who they want to be and
discovering where they want to go. Our message platform for the University program is ?Be Your
Change.? University students are coming of age in a time of heightened awareness of social
responsibility, which is a part of who we are at PSECU. Students are also experiencing life on their
own, and this is their opportunity to make good decisions on their way to being adults. Our products
and service messages are interwoven within this modern and relevant key branding platform just for

students.

Below we have outlined our marketing program for the University Program, but we collaborate with
each school to develop a marketing program that is mutually beneficial.

PSECU?s on-campus location and ATMs are the foundation of our campus marketing. We provide an
inviting and modern center where students, faculty and staff or alumni are welcomed and feel at ease.
We display posters, digital displays, brochures and other handouts to communicate with members and
potential members. We also brand our ATMs and integrate marketing messages within the ATM
introductory transaction screens.

We understand athletics are a key part of the college experience, so we like to participate in a fun and
engaging way. We integrate school colors into giveaways like pom-poms, hats, and other ?flare? that
Promote the school as well as the PSECU brand. We also look to support the University?s athletics
program financially by providing athletic sponsorship funding.

We often purchase a variety of campus advertising including school newspaper ads, floor graphics in
bookstores, branded coffee cup sleeves or pizza boxes in school cafeterias, etc. With students, we
know we have to be relevant and engaging, so we also look for opportunities to engage more directly
with students on campus by integrating various ?lifestyle? tactics.

These tactics include having PSECU Brand Ambassadors reaching out to students and alumni during key
events. Other on or near campus marketing may include PSECU Brand Ambassadors, Jet Packs of
lemonade with branded cups, giving away promotional items, or dropping branded quarters in key
spots across campus with our value messaging and more.

It is important to us to be relevant to students while also providing something of value, so we also
target specific student lifecycle opportunities. For example, we have developed branded school-
specific maps for incoming first year students, which allow them to find their way around but also
enable us to introduce ourselves within the content. And for seniors, we give away a comprehensive
and fun ?life after school explained.? book, which outlines succinct financial tips for their life ahead,
along with interesting life tips such as which fork to use for salad at a dinner. We have found success
in partnering with the school for school-specific events such as orientation and graduation. PSECU is
willing to be a part of the process, whether it is a presentation at orientation, an email blast
welcoming students, or to support the events in some other way. Likewise, for graduation, we
welcome the opportunity to mail a graduation gift directly to students to congratulate them on their
significant accomplishment.

Because of our business model, digital communications are a core part of our marketing strategy. We
recognize the digital space as a powerful marketing, communication, and transactional medium. We
work to create a consistent and unified experience across all of our digital channels, delivering

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 ze
