ATM transactions can occur on PSECU ATMs or any other ATM in the world,
which participate in the following networks: STAR", PLUS", Cirrus?, American
Express", MasterCard?, Discover? and Visa? networks

No card issuance or replacement fees

No account maintenance fees

No transaction fees

No balance inquiry fees

No Point-of-Sale (POS) transaction fees

No minimum balance requirements/fees

Withdrawals can be made immediately after any deposit, regardless of depository
channel

Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to increase the amount
withdrawn for emergency purposes

No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions
(excludes surcharges charged by those institutions)

Online surcharge-free ATM locator

Members can use virtually any ATM anywhere for free through our surcharge
rebate program. All members are rebated up to $8 per month. Members with
recurring Direct Deposit (no minimum required) are rebated up to $20 per month.
In 2014, PSECU rebated $4,914,347 in surcharges to our members. PSECU?s no-
foreign ATM fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members the
ultimate freedom and convenience when it comes to using ATMs. In an average
month, PSECU members use over 15,800 ATMs in Pennsylvania, unrestrained by
bank network rules or other policies.

Free Checking ? Despite industry trends, we still believe that our members should not
be charged usage fees or be required to carry a minimum balance in their checking
account. While we charge members a $30 fee for non-sufficient funds, this can be
avoided if the member uses our free overdraft transfer service.

No monthly usage fee

No minimum balance required
Free PSECU basic-style checks
Free overdraft transfer service

Online and Mobile Banking ? Approximately 50% of our members regularly use our
online and mobile banking channels. Recognized as a technology leader in the credit
union industry, PSECU continually strives to improve and enhance our online and mobile
offerings to our members. As the mobile device rapidly becomes the branch of the future,
PSECU is well-positioned to stay on top of providing our members with the ability to
manage their money from virtually anywhere.

Our online banking offers many features for our members which include:

Viewing account balances and transaction history

Transferring funds

Applying for loans

Opening additional accounts and certificates of deposit

Making loan payments

Free e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
Free FICO? credit score provided monthly

Free Bill Payer service; pay up to 80 bills per account

10 years of archived e-Statements available online at no charge

24
