Page 9 of 24

1.

?Affiliate? means two or more entities where (a) a parent entity owns

more than fifty percent of the voting stock of each of the entities; or (b)

a common shareholder or group of shareholders owns more than fifty

percent of the voting stock of each of the entities; or (c) the entities have

a common proprietor or general partner.

?Consent? means written permission signed by a duly authorized officer

or employee of the Commonwealth, provided that where the material

facts have been disclosed, in writing, by prequalification, bid, proposal,

or contractual terms, the Commonwealth shall be deemed to have

consented by virtue of the execution of this contract.

?Contractor? means the individual or entity that has entered into this

contract with the Commonwealth.

?Contractor Related Parties? means any affiliates of the Contractor and

the Contractor?s executive officers, Pennsylvania officers and directors,

or owners of 5% or more interest in the Contractor

?Financial Interest? means either:

a) Ownership of more than a five percent interest in any business; or

b) Holding a position as an officer, director, trustee, partner, employee,
or holding any position of management.

?Gratuity? means tendering, giving, or providing anything of more than

nominal monetary value including, but not limited to, cash, travel,

entertainment, gifts, meals, lodging, loans, subscriptions, advances,

deposits of money, services, employment, or contracts of any kind. The

exceptions set forth in the Governor?s Code of Conduct, Executive Order

1980-18, the 4 Pa. Code ?7.153(b), shall apply.

?Non-bid Basis? means a contract awarded or executed by the

Commonwealth with Contractor without seeking bids or proposals from

any other potential bidder or offeror.

. In furtherance of this policy, Contractor agrees to the following:

Contractor shall maintain the highest standards of honesty and integrity
during the performance of this contract and shall take no action in
violation of state or federal laws or regulations or any other applicable
laws or regulations, or other requirements applicable to Contractor or
that govern contracting or procurement with the Commonwealth.
Contractor shalt establish and implement a written business integrity
policy, which includes, at a minimum, the requirements of these
provisions as they relate to the Contractor activity with the
Commonwealth and Commonwealth employees and which is made known
to all Contractor employees. Posting these Contractor Integrity Provisions
conspicuously in easily-accessible and well-lighted places customarily
frequented by employees and at or near where the contract services are
performed shall satisfy this requirement.

Contractor, its affiliates, agents, employees and anyone in privity with
Contractor shall not accept, agree to give, offer, confer, or agree to
confer or promise to confer, directly or indirectly, any gratuity or
pecuniary benefit to any person, or to influence or attempt to influence
any person in violation of any federal or state law, regulation, executive
order of the Governor of Pennsylvania, statement of policy, management
directive or any other published standard of the Commonwealth in
connection with performance of work under this contract, except as
provided in this contract.
