Shippensburg University Financial Educational Center

This Financial Educational Center Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of-

th , 2015 between Shippensburg University Student Services Incorporated (SUSSI)
and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (?Credit Union?). For the consideration set
forth below, the parties agree as follows:

De

1. Use of Space

SUSSI agrees to lease to Credit Union certain interior wall and floor space for the use by
the Credit Union as a Financial Educational Center at the location listed on Attachment
A, attached hereto, which may be revised from time-to-time by mutual agreement.
SUSSI represents that the location identified in Attachment A includes all Financial
Educational Centers which are currently operating or planned for opening. Financial
Educational Center, as used here, will include any financial service facility or staff
presence. Each Financial Educational Center established on SUSSI property shall be
subject to this Agreement.

2. Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the initial Financial Educational Center was located on the Main
campus of Shippensburg University. As to any Financial Educational Center (or anything
that would compete, in Credit Unions sole discretion, with Credit Union services)
contemplated in the future, SUSSI shall have the right to offer such an arrangement to
any third party provided SUSSI first provides Credit Union with not less than thirty (30)
days? notice to Credit Union, during which time Credit Union shall have the option to
provide a Financial Educational Center under the terms and conditions hereof. If Credit
Union fails to exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period, Credit Union?s
rights with regard to that future Financial Educational Center shall cease.

3. Term D ?
dul Laas
a) The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years, commencing on ao KY (the
?Commencement Date?) and terminating on-+-4 i e ?Initial Term?).
On
Within ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the initial Term, the parties agree
to mutually renegotiate the terms of the Agreement for an additional term of two
(2) years. In the absence of an agreement Credit Union shall have the option to
continue this Agreement from month-to-month for a period not to exceed six (6)
months and shall have the option to renew upon any other terms which SUSSI
indicates in writing to Credit Union it intends to accept from a third party.

b

?

c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, either party
(the ?Terminating Party?) may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial
Educational Centers (the ?Terminated Financial Educational Center?) at any time
for any or no reason, as follows:

1) The Terminating Party shall send not less than ninety (90) days written
notification (?Termination Notice?) to the other party indicating the intent to
terminate the Agreement as to the Financial Educational Centers specified in
the Termination Notice and specifying the effective date of such termination
(?Closing Date?).

Page 1 of 22
