Implementation Schedule

As the incumbent provider of services we expect a seamless transition into this new agreement once
the contract would be fully executed. Our community manager who oversees operations of the
Financial Education Center will continue in her role and our student interns and intern assistant
managers will continue on in their roles into the coming semesters. We are currently located in a
designated space at the Student Memorial Center and have discussed remodeling options with members
of the Millersville University community. This may include an expanded footprint. The timing of the
temodel would be mutually agreed upon by both Millersville and PSECU and would be structured to
create as minimal impact on services as possible.

There will be no impact on the existing five ATMs at the Millersville campus once the new contract is
executed,

Corporate Financial Condition

PSECU is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that has been in business over 83 years. Our vision is to
use technology to provide financial services to members virtually anytime, anywhere. PSECU has a
proven track record in the higher education arena serving 20-plus colleges and universities where a key
goal is to provide financial education programs.

PSECU also recognizes that members need somewhere to turn if they have a question. Our student-
staffed center will continue to operate a location on the Millersville campus where students, faculty
and staff can come for assistance with handling their PSECU account. Since 2000, PSECU has deployed
21 of these Financial Education Centers on various universities and colleges across Pennsylvania in
order to provide PSECU with an outreach to both current and potential members within the campus
communities. PSECU continues today to offer a host of low- or no-fee products to meet the growing
needs of our diverse membership and has plans for opening at least 3 new Centers during 2017. Please
refer to Attachment 2 for a map of our current campus outreach.

At over $4.6 billion in assets, PSECU serves over 420,000 members throughout Pennsylvania, the United
States and across the globe.

In 1977, PSECU held $6 million in assets and had 19,000 members. At that time PSECU enacted a vision
to use technology that would provide financial services to members virtually anytime, from almost
anywhere. Recognized as a leader in technology, PSECU created a member-centric operation beyond
the traditional branch, A centralized contact center and ATMs became the primary channels to provide
member service and cash to PSECU members. That vision continues today and is reflected in PSECU's
vision and mission statements.

Our Vision
Our members will recognize us as their trusted financial partner.

Our Mission
To safely and securely provide the best value to our members throughout their lives.

Our Business Model
PSECU?s business model is a branchless, self-service model.

We leverage technology to enhance operating efficiencies to offer the lowest loan rates, highest
deposit rates and lowest fees whenever feasible compared to our competitors, while providing world
class service and the highest level of convenience.

- sonnei a - nen ? & ?
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEGee :

Technical Proposal | Page 25 of 34
