Opportunities for Additional Investment in the University?s Academic and Co-
Curricular Programs

As is the case with every institution of higher learning which PSECU serves, it is very important to
PSECU to become a prominent part of the campus community beyond providing consumer financial
services. Working with the school?s administration, we look for opportunities to connect with the
University community. Recognizing that each University is unique and enjoys its own culture, our
Programs encompass a variety of on-campus components that are customized to the individual
institution.

Because PSECU recognizes the importance and value of supporting all of the campuses we currently
serve, there are multiple sponsorships and opportunities for financial support that we provide in
addition to and outside of contractual commitments that resonate with our core values and beliefs. In
addition to providing financial and education/literacy services on all of the campuses, we strongly
believe in supporting the continuing development and growth of the student population through
important events and co-curricular activities. We like to not only support these causes financially, but
to participate and promote our brand and values in conjunction with helping to bring awareness to
the student cause. In the past, these student-centered activities included but were not limited to:
orientation activities and apparel; Scholarship Awards; athletic events; special events; athletic
signage; financial literacy events; golf tournaments; clubs and student organization activities and
events; Accepted Student Day Events; Grad Fests; and many other campus-specific activities.

PSECU?s longstanding support of California University and its students goes well beyond contractual
obligations and commitments in the current student banking relationship with the University. The
relationship with California University began in August of 2002. Since that time and at present, PSECU
has supported the University by giving significant contributions.

This includes scholarships, account opening incentives, rent for the Financial Education Center space
on campus, ATM rent, renewal bonuses, orientation program support, athletic advertising support,
miscellaneous unrestricted sponsorships and various campus and departmental events and initiatives.
We remain a strong supporter of higher education efforts and place great emphasis on the education
of students, particularly in the area of financial literacy. Our successful track record at the
institutions we serve speaks for itself, and we greatly value and look forward to a continued long-
term relationship with California University.

Emergency Preparedness

PSECU understands the importance of funds, service, and data availability to our members. To ensure
this availability, management has developed a Business Continuity Management Program. Our
comprehensive business continuity management program has five major components: incident
management; emergency response; disaster recovery (DR); business continuity planning (BCP); and
crisis communication. For each of these components, PSECU management has developed and
maintains and exercises corresponding plans to help us prepare and respond to high-risk business
interruptions such as fires, floods, power outages, theft, strike and pandemic. These plans describe
how PSECU would continue operations and deliver services during a disruption.

Sustainability Initiatives

PSECU is committed to continuous improvement in its business practices that produce greater
conservation of natural resources and the environment. By the nature of its digital model, PSECU serves
over 400,000 members and has a significant reduction of dependence on the environment unlike
traditional financial institutions that utilize branches to conduct business. Conservation has helped our
members because we are a member-owned institution, so when we pay less for our energy needs we are
able to direct those savings back to help fund our many free services.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 [ae
