The location of the ATM(s) shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties. ATM
security and transaction monitoring will be the responsibility of the Credit Union.
The ATM(s) may be relocated if service volume (transactions) is not commensurate
with established trends in campus communities of similar size and upon the mutual
agreement of both parties. The party requesting relocation will bear the cost
thereof including related equipment and installation. Requests for relocation must
be made no less than forty five days (45) prior to the desired relocation date. This
section excludes actions related to security or emergency situations that would
require the university or college to relocate the ATM. Prompt notification must be
provided to the Credit Union and due care must be taken by the university or
college to protect the ATM and related equipment. The minimum number of ATMs
will be 1 (one).

6. Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus Obligations

a) Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus agrees that Credit Union

b)

c)

d

e

=

retains the sole right to control the management of each Financial Educational
Center provided, however, that under no circumstance shall Credit Union, its
employees or representatives, tamper with or have any access (other than
commercial use) to any other Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus
equipment or facilities without prior written consent from Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus.

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus shall provide janitorial
services and electricity to the Credit Union for the operation of each Financial
Educational Center. Credit Union shall be responsible for all other utilities.

Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have
access to each Financial Educational Center at all times for installing,
maintaining, servicing and operations and removing equipment of the Financial
Educational Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal
operations of Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus business.

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus shall have no responsibility for
the security of any Financial Educational Center, other than to act in accordance
with its customary practices and procedures with respect to each Financial
Educational Center and its property contained therein, and shall not be
responsible for the operation of any Financial Educational Center. However,
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus agrees to contact Credit Union
if security is breached in the center during hours when Financial Educational
Center is not open. Credit Union will provide a list of contact names & telephone
numbers for this purpose.

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus may permit reasonable signage
relating to the Financial Educational Center. Exact placement of signage shall be
mutually agreed upon by Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus and
Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at Credit Union
expense.

Page 4 of 18
