Susquehanna University Financial Center

This Financial Education Center Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of December
18, 2018, between Susquehanna University and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
(?Credit Union?). For the consideration set forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Use of Space

Susquehanna University agrees to lease to Credit Union certain interior wall and floor
space for the use by the Credit Union as a Financial Education Center at the location
listed on Attachment A, attached hereto, which may be revised from time-to-time by
mutual agreement. Susquehanna University represents that the location identified in
Attachment A includes all Financial Education Centers which are currently operating or
planned for opening. Financial Education Center, as used here, will include any financial
service facility or staff presence. Each Financial Education Center established on
Susquehanna University property shall be subject to this Agreement.

2. Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the Financial Education Center shall be located in a location
mutually agreeable to both parties, as listed on Attachment A. As to any Financial
Education Center (or anything that would compete, in Credit Union?s sole discretion with
Credit Union services) contemplated in the future, Susquehanna University shall have the
right to offer such an arrangement to any third party provided Susquehanna University
first provides 30 days? notice to Credit Union, during which time Credit Union shall have
the option to provide a Financial Education Center under the terms and conditions hereof.
If Credit Union fails to exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period, Credit
Union's rights with regard to that Financial Education Center shall cease.

3. Term

a) The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years, commencing on December 18, 2018
(the ?Commencement Date?) and terminating on December 17, 2023 (the ?Initial
Term?).

b) Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, the parties will mutually renegotiate the
terms of the agreement for an additional term of one (1) year. In the absence of an
agreement Credit Union shall have the option to continue this Agreement from month-
to-month for a period not to exceed six (6) months and shall have the option to renew
upon any other terms which Susquehanna University indicates in writing to Credit
Union it intends to accept from a third party.

c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, either party
(the "Terminating Party") may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial
Education Centers (the "Terminated Financial Education Center") at any time for any
or no reason as follows:

1) The Terminating Party shall send not less than 90 days written notification
("Termination Notice") to the other party indicating the intent to terminate the

Page 1 of 15
