with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations.
Except as stated in Sections 4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A, Credit Union shall bear all
costs of such construction, installation and operation.

Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Education Center equipment,
furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and scope of the
operation of each Financial Education Center. At Credit Union's expense, Credit Union
shall be solely responsible for the maintenance of each Financial Education Center, and
the costs of all data communications necessary for the operation of each Financial
Education Center except as stated in Sections 4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A.

b

=

Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that each
Financial Education Center is operational during normal business hours of the Financial
Education Center, which efforts shall include dispatching service personnel, making
repairs and replacements, and monitoring data line problems.

c

Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit Union or
any wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union.

d

=

Credit Union agrees to provide and to install and maintain, at no expense to The
Foundation, the conduit and electrical, computer, telephone and other lines which
serve the Financial Education Center, as well as any and all other facilities or
equipment which may be necessary or appropriate for the installation, operation and
maintenance of the Financial Education Center. The appearance, location and all other
features and characteristics of the lines, facilities and equipment serving the Financial
Education Center will be mutually agreed upon by The Foundation and Credit Union.

e

~

6. The Foundation Obligations

a) The Foundation agrees that Credit Union retains the sole right to control the
management of each Financial Education Center; provided, however; that under no
circumstance shall Credit Union, its employees or representatives, tamper with or have
any access (other than commercial use) to any other equipment or facilities of the
Foundation without prior written consent from the Foundation.

The Foundation shall provide custodial services and electricity to the Credit Union for
the operation of the Financial Education Center and Alternating current (A/C) power to
approved ATM locations. Credit Union shall be responsible for all other utilities.

b

c) The Foundation shall have the responsibility of providing the Credit Union, its
employees and agents with access to each Financial Education Center at all times for
installing, maintaining, servicing and operations and removing equipment of the
Financial Education Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the
normal operations of The Foundation business.

The Foundation shall have no responsibility for the security of any Financial Education
Center, other than to act in accordance with its customary practices and procedures
with respect to each Financial Education Center and its property contained therein,
and shall not be responsible for the operation of any Financial Education Center.
However, The Foundation agrees to contact Credit Union if security is breached during

d

=

Page 3 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

