Leadership and Information Technology from Duquesne University and a Master of Science
degree in Leadership and Information Technology (MSIT) from Duquesne University. Rick is
also a Certified Information Security Manager (CISM). Rick has 31 years of service with
PSECU.

Thomas J. Ruback, PSECU Vice President, Transaction Services

As Vice President of Transaction Services, Tom Ruback is responsible for PSECU?s credit,
debit and university card portfolios, ATM services, ACH/EFT Services, Contact Centers
(telephone and branch), Items Processing and online deposit processing. He manages all
aspects of operations, including call center, plastic card fraud, and card dispute processing.
Tom actively participates in the response to every university RFP. Tom is a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Pennsylvania Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, serves on an ATM Advisory Group, and was recently selected to join the
Mobile Payments Industry Workgroup. Tom earned a Bachelor of Science degree from The
Pennsylvania State University, University Park; and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA);
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA); and Certified Financial Services Auditor
(CFSA). Tom has 27 years of service with PSECU.

Jodi L. Harner, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Transaction Services

As Assistant Vice President of Transaction Services, Jodi Harner oversees the operation of
all services (Visa?, ATM, Mobile, ACH/EFT, Contact Centers, online deposits, and Card
Fraud Management) within the Transaction Services department. She has been actively
involved in all previous RFPs that dealt with ATMs or campus card requests. Jodi holds an
Associate degree in Accounting and has 28 years of service with PSECU.

David B. Dentler, PSECU Senior Director, Membership Development

As Senior Director, Dave Dentler has oversight responsibility for three main areas in the
marketing department: Business Development, Public Relations and the University
Development program. Prior to joining PSECU he spent 29 years in a variety of
administrative capacities in higher education. He has experience with community colleges
and both public and private four-year institutions, with his most recent position being Vice
President for Administration and Secretary to the Board at Elizabethtown College, where he
was employed for 21 years. Dave earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business
Administration from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Education degree
from Temple University. Dave previously served on the PSECU Board of Directors and now
has 1 % years of service with PSECU.

Karen E. Roland, PSECU Director, Marketing and Communications

Karen Roland directs PSECU?s overall brand and marketing strategy, creative direction and
oversees marketing execution including campaign development, advertising and digital
interactive. Karen has worked with non-profits, serving on several area non-profit and
private education boards. In addition, she is an adjunct professor, most recently at The
Pennsylvania State University, Harrisburg Campus. Karen?s contribution to RFPs focuses on
brand and marketing strategy development and ideation. Karen has a Bachelor of Science
degree in Engineering from West Virginia University and a Master of Science degree in

PSECU Team Members and Bios
Page 2 of 5
