ATTACHMENT 12

-=
Form W 9

(Rev. December 2014)

Department of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service

Request for Taxpayer
Identification Number and Certification

Give Form to the
requester. Do not
send to the IRS.

1 Name (as shown on your income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank.

PENNSYLVANIA STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION

2 Business name/disregarded entity name, if different from above

PSECU

|_J Individual/sole proprietor or C Corporation

single-member LLC

the tax classification of the single-member owner.

Other (see instructions) >

Print or type

3 Check appropriate box for federal tax classification; check only one of the following seven boxes:
oO S Corporation 0 Partnership

Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, S=S corporation, P=partnership) >
Note. For a single-member LLC that is disregarded, do not check LLC; check the appropriate box in the line above for

4 Exemptions (codes apply only to
certain entities, not individuals; see
instructions on page 3):

Exempt payee code (if any)

oO Trust/estate

Exemption from FATCA reporting
code (if any)
Applies to accounts maintained outside the U.S.)

5 Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.)

1500 ELMERTON AVENUE

| Requester?s name and address (optional)

6 City, state, and ZIP code
HARRISBURG, PA 17110

See Specific Instructions on page 2.

Community College of Philadelphis

7 List account number(s) here (optional)

Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)

Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part | instructions on page 3. For other
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to geta

TIN on page 3.

Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1 and the chart on page 4 for

guidelines on whose number to enter.

Social security number

or
Employer identifi

2/3) -)0

1 106

|s

| Part II | Certification

Under penalties of perjury, | certify that:

1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or | am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and

2. 1am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) | am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) | have not been notified by the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) that | am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that | am

no longer subject to backup withholding; and

3. lamaUSS. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and

4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that | am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct.

Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the

instructions on page 3.

Sign Si .
ignature of DWT entin Sure, PSECU, cusPSECU
Here U.S. person > MJ Bla ine ?ue 201802 1100 1656 O50.

General Instructions

Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise noted.

Future developments. Information about developments affecting Form W-9 (such
as legislation enacted after we release it) is at www.irs.gov/fw9.

Purpose of Form

An individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an information
return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN)
which may be your social security number (SSN), individual taxpayer identification
number (ITIN), adoption taxpayer identification number (ATIN), or employer
identification number (EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to
you, or other amount reportable on an information return. Examples of information
returns include, but are not limited to, the following:

* Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid)

* Form 1099-DIV (dividends, including those from stocks or mutual funds)

* Form 1099-MISC (various types of income, prizes, awards, or gross proceeds)

* Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other transactions by
brokers)

* Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions)

? Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions)

Cat. No. 10231X

pate? 2/11/2015

* Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 1098-T
(tuition)
* Form 1099-C (canceled debt)
? Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property)

Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident alien), to
provide your correct TIN.

If you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might be subject
to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding? on page 2.

By signing the filled-out form, you:

1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a number
to be issued),

2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or

3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt payee. If
applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your allocable share of
any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business is not subject to the
withholding tax on foreign partners? share of effectively connected income, and

4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that you are
exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is FATCA reporting? on
page 2 for further information.

Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
