9. APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any conflict of
law provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. Each Party consents to the jurisdiction
of any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any federal courts in Pennsylvania,
waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. Each Party agrees that
any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over it, and consents to service of process in any

manner authorized by Pennsylvania law.

10. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. In performing the services required by the Agreement, PSECU will
act as an Independent Contractor and not as an employee or agent, or as a partner, as that term is
legally defined by contract law, of the KUF. Neither party shall make representations to third parties

to the contrary.

11. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. It is expressly understood that the parties to the Agreement and any sub-
contractors of either party will comply with all applicable rules and regulations of any
governmental, regulatory and accreditation authorities. KUF agrees to promptly report, as
described in the Notices section of this document, any PSECU member complaints received by them
to PSECU. Further, KUF agrees to cooperate in the satisfactory resolution of any PSECU member
complaints relating to the subject matter of the contractual relationship between KUF and PSECU.

12. INTEGRATION AND AMENDMENTS. The Agreement, including all referenced documents,
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. No agent, representative, employee or
officer of either the KUF or PSECU has the authority to make, or has made, any statement,
agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with the Agreement, which in any
way can be deemed to modify, add to and detract from, or otherwise change or alter its
terms and conditions. No negotiations between the parties, nor any custom or usage, shall be
permitted to modify or contradict any of the terms and conditions of the Agreement. No
modifications, alterations, changes or waiver to the Agreement or any of its terms shall be valid or
binding unless accomplished by a written amendment signed by both parties. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the parties agree that any necessary changes or clarifications to Exhibit 1 may be
agreed upon in writing by email communications between the parties.

13. PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY. Each Party warrants that it is the sole
owner or author of, or has entered into a suitable legal agreement concerning either: (a) the
design of any product or process provided or used in the performance of the Agreement which is
covered by a patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right duly authorized by
the state or federal law, or (b) any copyrighted matter in any report document or other
material provided under the Agreement. The indemnifying party shall defend any suit or
proceeding brought against the indemnified party on account of any alleged patent, copyright or
trademark infringement inthe United States of any of the products provided or used in the
performance of the Agreement. This is under the condition that the indemnified party shall
provide prompt notification in writing of such suit or proceedings; full right, authorization and
opportunity to conduct the defense thereof; and full information and all reasonable cooperation
in the defense of same. As principles of governmental or public law are involved, the KUF may
participate in or choose to conduct, in its sole discretion, the defense of any such action. If
information and assistance are furnished by the KUF at PSECU's written request, it shall be at
PSECU's expense, but the responsibility for such expense shall be only that within the PSECU's

authorization.

Each party shall indemnify and hold the other harmless from all damages, costs and expenses,
including attorney's fees that the other may pay or incur by reason of any infringement or violation
of the rights occurring to any holder of copyright, trademark or patent interests and rights in any
products provided or used in the performance of the Agreement. If any of the products provided
by PSECU in such suit or proceedings are held to constitute infringement and the use is
enjoined, PSECU shall, at its own expense and its option, either procure the right to continue
use of such infringing products, replace them with non-infringing equal performance products or
modify them so that they are no longer infringing.

PSECU/KUF Sponsorship Agreement
Page 4 of 9
