Gail L, Wenger, PSECU Director, Marketing Research and Data Analytics

As Director of Marketing Research and Data Analytics, Gail Wenger is responsible for research (market
analysis, competitive research, consumer financial behaviors, Voice of the Customer, product review
ratings, usability studies, segmentation and predictive models) and analytics (reports, trending,
benchmarks, campaign lists and ROI, strategic metrics). Prior to joining PSECU she worked with a
marketing consulting firm and a banking institution. She has been involved in several RFP processes for
large projects and software purchases and provides comprehensive research and data to support the
RFP effort. Gail has been employed by PSECU for 16 years.

Milford C. (Pete) Spicher, Jr., PSECU Facilities Manager

Pete Spicher serves as Facilities Manager for PSECU which includes oversight of all PSECU locations.
Along with managing the day-to-day operations and maintenance of all PSECU facilities, he also
oversees all renovation, upgrade and new construction projects. Pete works directly with the University
Development team to facilitate the implementation of the physical PSECU space within the universities
with whom we partner. Pete has 13 years of experience in facilities management, 20 years of
experience in construction management and has been with PSECU for 4 years.

Shawn Caulfield, PSECU University Development Manager

Shawn currently serves as the University Development Manager for PSECU in the Central Pennsylvania
region. In that role, Shawn works with existing relationships and develops new relationships to create
mutually beneficial partnerships between institutions of higher education and PSECU through
collaborative, creative and engaging efforts. Shawn?s leadership includes development, oversight,
coaching, strategic planning, operations, student engagement, financial education and student
workforce development. He strives to allow every student on Pennsylvania?s higher education
campuses to be financially informed and given the tools to make positive financial decisions. Shawn has
worked with the University Development program for nearly three years and has worked in the
financial services industry for over fifteen years, most recently serving as Vice President of Retail
Banking for M&T Bank in Harrisburg. Shawn is a graduate of Indiana University of Pennsylvania with a
degree in Consumer Affairs/Business. ?He is also is a graduate of Leadership Harrisburg. Shawn also
actively serves on several nonprofit boards in central Pennsylvania.

Kristyne Schonhaut, PSECU Community Manager

Kristyne Schonhaut has been the Community Manager for PSECU at Millersville University since 2003. In
this role, she has hired, trained and mentored many students. In her capacity as community manager,
Kristyne is responsible for being the face of PSECU on campus. One of the many rewarding aspects of
her job is teaching good financial lessons/habits through financial literacy seminars conducted on
campus. Prior to coming to PSECU, she had her own public relations/advertising company. Originally
from New York, she also lived in Florida for eight years before relocating to Lancaster. Kristyne is
married and has two daughters. In her free time, she enjoys scrapbooking and gardening.

Lori L. Books, PSECU ATM Relationship Manager, Transaction Services

As ATM relationship manager, Lori Books is responsible for all aspects of the installation and planning of
the ATMs and security for all Financial Education Centers. She oversees all University RFP projects that
involve opening Centers with the installation of ATMs. Lori has held various positions throughout PSECU
that include loan processing, account opening for new members and currently works in the ATM
department alongside the Director of ATM, Branch and Payment Operations. Lori holds an Associate?s
degree in Accounting and has 27 years of service with PSECU.

a we ee an - a a - - +
REP; MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PCE (Gee

Technical Proposal | Page 22 of 34
