scaffolding, cranes, hoisting, storage, temporary facilities, temporary shoring,
bracing and planking, as required unless listed in the exclusion section of the
individual supplier scope of work.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge.

IV. TERMS AND CONDITIONS

A. Use of Community College?s Name:

1.

2.

At no time shall the Financial Institution use the name of Community College of
Philadelphia in making contracts with suppliers.

Financial Institution shall make all contracts in its own name, and Financial
Institution alone shall be responsible for their purchases and contracts.

The College at no time and for no reason shall be responsible for any goods
purchased by the Financial Institution, or for any other obligations or liabilities
assumed or created by the Financial Institution.

It is to be understood specifically that the Financial Institution shall not set or
hold itself out to be an agent for the College, and nothing herein shall be
construed as creating the relationship of partners, a joint venture, or agency.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

B. Price Changes:

1.

2.

All services must be rendered to the College at the prices quoted. Proposals
containing reservations to pass on possible price changes will be rejected.
All proposals must be effective for a period of 90 calendar days.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

C. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

D. Equipment Installation:

E.

1.

Items of equipment purchased on the basis of being delivered and installed will
require the successful Financial Institution to fulfill all facets of installation such as
electrical, plumbing, fastening, etc., and will require the successful Financial
Institution to supply all materials, tools, equipment, transportation, labor
supervision, etc., which are required to complete the installation in an approved and
acceptable manner. For additional instruction, see Section VIII, Item H, Number 2.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

INTENTIONALLY OMITTED

F. Supplier/Financial Institution Safety:
