?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as
determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which AAAI complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of AAAI) to whom AAAI has, directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, AAAI Activities. ?Subcontractor? includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).
?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j)(1).

?University? means the Board of Trustees of the University of Arkansas, acting for and on behalf of the
University of Arkansas located in Fayetteville, Arkansas and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, University of Arkansas, including the athletic department and the office of student
affairs of University of Arkansas.

?University Trademarks? means any names, nicknames, designs, images, visual representations
(including any fonts), logos, service marks, trade dress, trade names, University landmarks, likeness of
University officials, slogans, songs, mascots or trademarks used or acquired by the University at any time
before or during the Term.?

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

? the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;

. a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

. any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

? the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

? a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.
? a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to

the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;

5

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
