DocuSign Envelope ID: GEEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0CSA95478A

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program including, if
Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of UVAA.

(c} Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in Bank
Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UVAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose.
Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material
shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of UVAA. However, Bank
may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an
application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject
to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would
imply an endorsement by UVAA.

(f) [(INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, UVAA acknowledges and agrees
that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit
cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits
and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, when using UVAA?s Marketing Lists
for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products (excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in
direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless UVAA consents to Bank?s use of
the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and
any and all other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking
and $0 Trade, money market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and, savings accounts
and individual retirement accounts). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an
account application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) UVAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by

bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

-10-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
