?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

(b) Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shall apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any?said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vil) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (vill) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF LSUAA

(a) LSUAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither LSUAA nor
any LSUAA Affiliate, including the University, shall, by itself or in conjunction with others directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss
with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of LSUAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other
than Bank; provided, however, the foregoing will not be deemed to prohibit the athletic department
from promoting a credit card in connection with their existing agreement with another entity for a
financial services program given that such program does not utilize the Marketing List and LSUAA
Trademarks. In addition, if LSUAA or any LSUAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with
such sales, LSUAA shall not, and shall cause LSUAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or
method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, LSUAA may accept print or on-line
(including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement
does not contain an express or implied endorsement by LSUAA of said financial institution or advertising
for a Financial Service Product.

(b) LSUAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) LSUAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) LSUAA shall have the right of prior approval of the use of a LSUAA Trademark in Program advertising and
solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a LSUAA Trademark; such approval shall not be
5

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
