11.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at Association?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by Association upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, Association will comply and cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s
instruction and Training.

(f) Association will advertise all the products offered under the Program on Association?s home
page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of Association
as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at Association?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink
from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone
number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service
Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will
entitle Association to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Association will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-
four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, Association will provide
Bank with the ability (including unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the
Association internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display
Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, Association agrees to conduct, at its own expense
Group Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts
(e.g., hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and {ii) offline marketing
efforts, including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone
number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the non-breaching Party
may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of
notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the
Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or Association:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or the
corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case
is pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an assignment
of all or substantially all of its assets to such a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the

-15-
