from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law.
Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to CAA?s customers other than
applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with CAA
Activities. CAA will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s
Information within CAA?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, CAA shall reasonably cooperate with Bank
in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(m)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(n) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of CAA or otherwise made
available to CAA and requested in writing by Bank, CAA will promptly deliver to Bank at CAA? s expense a
copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
CAA?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing
CAA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any
one or more of the 1SO027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter
provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor
or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board or any successor organization). CAA will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to
delivering such reports to Bank.

(o) CAA acknowledges that Bank has directed CAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and CAA has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.
(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program

including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of CAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of CAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of CAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by CAA.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place CAA Trademarks on gifts for
individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-shirts,

-10-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
