Law; (b) any information that relates to an individual who can be identified either from that information alone or
when that information is combined with other information. (c) information relating to Bank?s customers, their
accounts with Bank, and potential Bank customers (d) any record about an individual that is a consumer report
as such term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer
report and that is maintained or otherwise possessed by or on behalf of the Bank including a compilation of such
records; all of which is the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or
other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any
personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the fact that such consumers
are or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other business entity
or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank and
offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Bank of
America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GW
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service Products
Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade
name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the Term and used
to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program. Program Trademarks may but
need not necessarily consist of one or more GW Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such Person. In
the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof. In the case of a
limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of the
Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as determined by

Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GW complies with the GIP
provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of GW) to whom GW has, directly or indirectly,
delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising, in whole or in

-4-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
