OocuSign Envelope ID: FEFC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is University of Colorado Boulder
located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. University of
Colorado Boulder represents and warrants that to the best of its knowledge it has not, nor during the
Term will, violate any Sanctions. University of Colorado Boulder represents and warrants that it n will
use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with
any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shalt survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a} During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to University of Colorado Boulder with respect to accounts in good
Standing.

(b} No compensation or payments shall be paid to University of Colorado Boulder until a Schedule B
(W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to
Bank, Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shail be made, in
arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

{c) if at any time during the Term any change in any card network's interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?impact?), then Bank may notify University of Colorado Boulder in writing of Bank?s desire to
renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If,
within 30 business days after University of Colorado Boulder?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have
not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial
terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to University of Colorado Boulder, upon 90 days advance written notice.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay

Royalties or any other compensation to University of Colorado Boulder with regard to, as a result of
opening, or based upon any student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features {including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY
(a} To the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, any proposal, financial information,

performance information, proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged
information and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or,

-12-
