12.

avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated
earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(f), such terminated program remains
subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null
and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to NYU effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, NYU agrees that neither NYU nor NYU Affiliate will, by itself or in conjunction
with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related product to
persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NYU may, after the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to participate in
another financial service program endorsed by NYU, provided the opportunity is not only made available
to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that
persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives
that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, and with respect to Bank
to the extent not inconsistent with Applicable Law or instruction from Governmental Authority, each
Party agrees that it shall (and shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to):
(i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal
Information; and (ii) destroy within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any
and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. Each Party shall have
the right to retain a copy of the other Party?s Information only to the extent required by Applicable Law
or Governmental Authority provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to be
subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. The provisions of this Subsection 11(i) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION

(a) Insurance.
(i) Bank agrees to maintain at their own expense for the full duration of this contract:

1. Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined bodily injury (including death),
personal injury, and property damage limit of at least $2,000,000 per occurrence (except as
otherwise noted), including at least the following coverages: 1) Broad Form Blanket Contractual
Liability for liability assumed by Company under this Agreement; 2) Broad Form Property
Damage; 3) Personal Injury Liability; and 4) Products Liability and Completed Operations.

2. Workers? Compensation Insurance as required by applicable law for all employees
engaged in the Services under this Agreement and Employers? Liability Insurance with a limit of
at least $500,000 for each occurrence.

-18-
