DocuSign Envelope ID: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably requested, University of Colorado Boulder shall

(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to) cooperate with and assist

Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection
2{i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain University of Colorado Boulder Activities conducted in
furtherance of or related to the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis University of
Colorado Boulder shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to
successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, University of Colorado Boulder shall cease to
perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing
University of Colorado Boulder Activities if Training, as initiatly or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by University of Colorado Boulder, such Subcontractor (and their respective
Representatives}, as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

{2) Upon periodic request from Bank, University of Colorado Boulder agrees to affirm (and to cause
its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the
obligations, responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in
writing. University of Colorado Boulder grants {and to cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of
University of Colorado Boulder, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives).

{3) University of Colorado Boulder shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to provide University of Colorado Boulder Activities in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. University
of Colorado Boulder shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely
performance of all University of Colorado Boulder Activities, whether performed by University of
Colorado Boulder or any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). University of
Colorado Boulder shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors
(and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly perform any of
University of Colorado Boulder?s obligation under this Agreement, including the University of Colorado
Boulder Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

(k} Upon prior written notice, University of Colorado Boulder shall permit Bank and shall cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate and cooperate with Bank?s
(including Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of University of
Colorado Boulder and Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) with respect to University
of Colorado Boulder?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective Representative?s) policies,
procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws and records as they relate
to the Program, Information security, University of Colorado Boulder Activities and performance of
University of Colorado Boulder?s duties and obligations hereunder (including University of Colorado
Boulder Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or delegated to University of Colorado
Boulder?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). After consulting with University of
Colorado Boulder, Bank shail have the sole right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or
inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit,
tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. University of Colorado
Boulder shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this

-9-
