(d) NYU will have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an NYUAA Trademark in all Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If NYU requests that Bank reissue Program
materials, including reissuing new credit cards, because of a change in the NYUAA Trademarks and Bank
is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank will inform NYU of the costs of
such request. If the Parties are unable to agree on an allocation of the cost for such reissuance then
Bank, in its sole discretion, may refuse NYU?s request. If the Parties agree on an allocation of costs for
the reissuance, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due NYU. If such costs exceed Royalties
then due NYU, upon demand NYU shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, NYU shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that NYU shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that NYU not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by NYU or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due NYU. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand NYU shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, NYU shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred eighty thousand (180,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon
as possible but no later than 30 days after NYU?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, NYU represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law and Bank?s instruction.

(f) NYU shall, and shall cause any NYU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to NYU. Notwithstanding the above, NYU may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to NYU. Any correspondence received by NYU that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by NYU shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by NYU that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) NYU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, non-exclusive license to use the NYUAA
Trademarks in connection with the Program. Subject to Section 13(g), this license transfers to the
permitted assignees of this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the Term and as provided in
Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the NYUAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of
such NYUAA Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation,
organization, or individual. NYU will provide Bank all NYUAA Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days
after NYU?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits NYU from granting
to other persons a license to use the NYUAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other
service or product, except for any Financial Service Products offered to Members as provide for in
Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, NYU represents, warrants and
covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated
hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
