DocuSign Envelope ID: G6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a UVAA
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. UVAA may not (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the
Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with
this Agreement. UVAA shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, UVAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or control of
UVAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably requested, UVAA
shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank
in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) UVAA shall provide Bank with written notice identifying each Subcontractor prior to engaging,
discontinuing or replacing any Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives); (ii) modifying the scope of
work delegated to or undertaken by such Subcontractor (or their Representatives); (iii) the Subcontractor (and
their respective Representatives) performing any of UVAA?s obligations under this Agreement or in furtherance
of the Program from a location outside the United States; and (iv) permitting or suffering modifications to any of
the foregoing for notices given. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
contained, Bank?s receipt of notice as referred to immediately above (when given or received) shall not be
construed as a novation or other release as to UVAA?s performance of its obligations hereunder or
indemnification. The provisions of this Subsection 2(m) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for a period of 6 months.

(k)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable Law as
applied to Bank concerning certain UVAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the Program
(?Training?). \nitially and on an annual basis UVAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, UVAA shall cease to perform, and
shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing UVAA Activities if
Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by UVAA, such Subcontractor (and
their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, UVAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. UVAA grants (and to cause
its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and review such
compliance on the part of UVAA, its Subcontractors (and. its and their respective Representatives).

(3) UVAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide UVAA
Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training and
Bank?s reasonable instruction. UVAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely
performance of all UVAA Activities, whether performed by UVAA or any Subcontractor (including their
respective Representatives). UVAA shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its

-8-

EXECUTION COPY- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
