to CAA?s performance of its obligations hereunder or indemnification. The provisions of this Subsection
2(j) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of 6 months.

(k)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain CAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). \nitially and on an annual basis CAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, CAA shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing CAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by
CAA, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, CAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. CAA grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of CAA, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) CAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
CAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. CAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all CAA Activities, whether performed by CAA or any Subcontractor
(including their respective Representatives). CAA shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act
or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure
to properly perform any of CAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including the CAA Activities. The
provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(I) Upon prior written notice, CAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of CAA and Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) with respect to CAA?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, CAA Activities, and performance of
CAA?s duties and obligations hereunder (including CAA Activities and whether undertaken or conducted
by or delegated to CAA?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right
to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the
date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days
of Bank?s written notice. CAA shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance
with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. CAA?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to CAA shall be deemed a material breach by CAA of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(m) CAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to CAA Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the
Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years

-9-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
