?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are authorized or
obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an individual
(including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicates suspicion
of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s personal experience with any aspect
of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program that is
accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank agrees
to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit
accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money market deposit
account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank
agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing regulation,
Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.
?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program (including
pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program, financial brokerage
products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional
equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing
programs, except that Financial Service Product shall not include GW?s GWorld and P-Card cards or other
services used for GW?s non-alumni-related operations.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GW complies with the GIP
provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R. 1016.1 et.
seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the framework that replaces the
Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or other
political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction over such Person. With

-2-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
