10.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on June 30,
2024 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 days but not more than
270 days prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and
performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for
all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a)(1) With Bank?s prior written consent, NU may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using NU Marketing Channels; provided NU pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or?GIP?).

(2) Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion, specimen marketing materials for NU?s
use in connection with NU?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, NU will
only use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for
the provisioning of specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, NU will be responsible for all
expenses with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. NU will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days
prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by NU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle NU to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its sole and
unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation of
any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, NU shall immediately discontinue any orall

-14-
