?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. In the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as
determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which CAA complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of CAA) to whom CAA has, directly or
indirectly, delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, CAA?s performance of its obligations under this Agreement or in support of the
Program. Subcontractor includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(k).

?University? means University of California, Berkeley and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, University of California, Berkeley, including the athletic department and the office of
student affairs of University of California, Berkeley.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the

Term.?

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

e the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

. ?and? is conjunctive only;

e ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

e ?any? means ?any or all?;

e a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

e any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

? the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

? a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

5-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
