?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate
of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access
and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement
accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
Agreement, with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to
Sections A.4, B.4 and C.4. and Section G of Schedule A.

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card
program, financial brokerage products, deposit program, or the functional equivalent of any
product or service in the foregoing programs. The definition of Financial Service Product shall
not include the College Sure Certificate of Deposit Programs as such program exists as of the
date of this Agreement, or any federal government guaranteed or sponsored loan program or
such other program that consolidate or merge one or more student loans.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UAAA
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
UAAA conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the
Program, and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a
GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing
non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone
numbers (including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen
years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.
