DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(b)

(d)

for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both parties, Bank shall
have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the
Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to University, upon ninety (90) days
advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or
Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section
10(e), such terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections
referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its
terms are meant to survive the termination of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations in
any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program
shall be null and void, in each case, as if the termination of such program was a termination or
expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, University agrees that neither University, nor any University Affiliate
will, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial
Service Product or a related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, University may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer
persons who were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program
provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a
general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly
identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered
to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

University will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any
Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by University, including, but
not limited to, any GIP (?University Marketing Effort?). University will give Bank sixty (60)
days prior notice prior to engaging in any University Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by University as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle University to the Royalty
for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, marketing materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which
do not contain or reference such coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any University
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any University Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, University shall
immediately discontinue any or all University Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in
accordance with, the written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. University will
not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any University Marketing Effort without
the prior written approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank as a result of a request by University in producing and mailing
materials created pursuant to any University Marketing Effort or of supporting any University
Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by University upon demand.

Page 10 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
