?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of a
consumer (including a Member and Customer) that expr?sses dissatisfaction with, or communicate
suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable entity related to a consumer?s personal experience
with any aspect of the Program, or a Financial Service Product and includes any written or oral
statement expressing dissatisfaction about bank products, policies or services.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts,

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase.in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the Agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Section A.4, B.4, and C.4
of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such work in Section 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program,
deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent (e.g., digital
wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing programs,

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which LSUAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby LSUAA
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P(12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction

2

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
