applicable rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American
Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings, injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decrees,
determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental
Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which such Party is subject, as the same may be
amended and in effect from time to time.

?Bank Marketing Channel? means any account acquisition channel other than NYUAA Marketing
Channels?

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are
authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date and each
consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date during the term of

the Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement from time to time.

?Customer? means any participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Schedule A, except
those Royalties described in Sections A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).
