This Agreement and ail rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, ACS may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program; provided ACS pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses associated
with such efforts; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for
treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). ACS will design and
produce, at its expense, ail marketing material with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. ACS will seek
Bank?s approval at least sixty (60} days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by ACS as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle ACS to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royaity.

{c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, ACS shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. ACS will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d)} All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by ACS upon
demand.

{e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, ACS will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) ACS will advertise all the products offered under the Program on ACS?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of ACS as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at ACS?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement
to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit
Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle ACS to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. ACS
will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable

-14-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?Ameriean-Chemical Society

