credit devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of 90 days immediately
following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have the right to use ESAUT
Trademarks on such credit devices, debit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled
reissue date or exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing ESAUT Trademarks until such date. The
provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify ESAUT in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
terms of the Agreement to address the Event. To the extent not prohibited under Applicable Law, such
notification shall include a description of the Event. If, within 30 business days after ESAUT?s receipt of
Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, despite their good faith efforts, fully executed an addendum that is
satisfactory to both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposit Program or the Credit
Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to ESAUT, upon 90 days?
advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit
Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such
terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by their express terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in
any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be
null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, ESAUT agrees that neither ESAUT nor any ESAUT Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or program
solely to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ESAUT may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by ESAUT, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of an offer also provided to all Members that meet
the criteria (e.g., geography, net worth, etc. but excluding the mere fact that they are Customers) used by
ESAUT to create the applicable marketing list (the ?List Criteria?) and provided further that persons are
not directly or indirectly targeted because they are a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives
that differ from those offered to all Members. For example, if ESAUT targets Customers, it must do so in
a solicitation to all Members that meet the List Criteria and not specially identify Customers in the
marketing materials. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, ESAUT shall not be obligated to offer any
financial service program to a Member that has opted-out of receiving marketing materials. The provisions
of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior written notice to ESAUT effective
as of the date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority. To the extent not
prohibited by Applicable Law or the Governmental Authority, any such notice shall include a copy of any
notice from the Governmental Authority.

(h) Promptly after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, ESAUT agrees that it shall
(and shall cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately
destroy and purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii)
return or destroy within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or
partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. ESAUT shall (and shall cause its
subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with

12
