ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Facsimile #: (206) 585-9732

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably withheld, UVAA may not
assign any of its rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may not assign any of
its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any other person without the prior written consent of
UVAA which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided however, that Bank may assign or transfer,
without consent, any of its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement:

(i) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than a subsidiary or an entity
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Bank (a ?Bank Affiliate?) pursuant
to a sale (other than a sale as described in subsection (ii), below) as long as such prospective
buyer has substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank; or

(ii) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than a Bank Affiliate) pursuant to a
merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Bank; or

(iii) to any Bank Affiliate.

Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain
Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, representatives or employees of each other. Neither Party shall have the
power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any
Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative or an Affiliate of either Party
or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a Party or its Affiliates has any rights
(including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(k) Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such delay
or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules,
regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or other
similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without the
fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The non-
delayed Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
