DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(g)

(h)

(c)

(d)

(e)

the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate
and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to University. Any
correspondence received by University that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments,
billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within seventy-two (72) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by
University will be paid by Bank.

University hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the University
Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this
Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will apply
to the University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such University Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or
individual. University will provide Bank all University Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty
(30) days after University?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits University from granting to other persons a license to use the University Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and
Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h).
University may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or
services offered by Bank through the Program. University shall not register or attempt to register
any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any University
Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain University Trademarks to promote
or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no
cost to Bank, but only during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any University Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by
or on behalf of University.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any University Marketing Effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of University.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose and will be responsible for the use of Marketing Lists by such entities.
Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the sole property

Page 5 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
