organization, other business entity or a Governmental Entity (inciuding any depariment, agency
or political subdivision thereof).

"Representative" means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of
such Person. In the case of 2 parinership, Representative also includes general and limited
partners thereof. in the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also
includes members of such company or corporation.

3. Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the foliowing new Subsections:

?i Within 3 business days of receipt, CAA shail refer (and shali cause its respective
Representatives to refer) any Consumer Complaint it receives to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably retated thereto to the extent
within the possession or control of CAA (or its respective Representatives). To the
extent reasonably requested, CAA shali cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution
and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection (i} shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) CAA shall, and shall cause its respective Representatives, to provide CAA Activities In
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law, and
Bank?s reasonable Instruction. CAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all CAA Activities, whether performed by CAA or its
Representatives.

(k} CAA acknowledges that Bank has directed CAA?s attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57({b) and
CAA has reviewed that regulation with its legai counsel.?

4. Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Subsection (c}:

?(c) As of the Amendment Effective Date and throughout the Term, CAA represents and
warrants that It} is not the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control(the ?Sanctlons?), nor is
CAA located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of
Sanctions. CAA represents and warrants that ) will not use this Agreement or any of the
benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person or in
any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of
Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c} shail survive the ? expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.?

5. - Section 5 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the foliowing new Subsection (c}:

?(c} Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required
to pay Royalties or any other compensation to CAA with regard to any student Credit
Card Accounts.?

6. in Section 7, insert ?(including CAA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R.?1026.57(b}}? within clause (ii)
such that clause (il) as amended reads:

The Trustees of Columbia University In the City of New York Term Extensi... (1)

