be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of
the Agreement for just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to Association with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon
any student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a)(1) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third
parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its
Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be
disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement as
mutually agreed in writing.

(a)(2) Association represents that it is a Direct Support Organization of Florida State University and is
subject to Chapter 119, Florida Statutes, regarding disclosure of public records. Association?s compliance
with its obligations under Chapter 119, Florida Statutes, shall not be considered a breach of this
Agreement. Upon receiving a request for Information, and before responding to such request,
Association will provide Bank with reasonable advance notice and an opportunity to assert its rights, as
provided for in Applicable Law.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority
(including Association?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

(c) Subject to Associations obligations regarding disclosure of public records as provided for in
Section 7(a}(2), Association shall keep, and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to keep, all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information) confidential and
shall not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or
otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and shail cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives not to make or transfer) any such information to any other entity or individual for any
reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any such
transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, Association shall be liable for any breach of this Section by its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives. If Association receives a request or demand to
disclose Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court
of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee,

-12-
