?UICA Trademarks? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of UICA or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by UICA or any
UICA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?University? means University of lowa and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated with,
University of lowa, including the athletic department and the office of student affairs of University of
lowa.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

. the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

. ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;

. a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

. any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

. the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

. a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

. a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to
the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;

. ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the

context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof;

? ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;
. references to ?months? and ?years? means calendar months and years unless otherwise specified;
. to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either

or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or
consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment;

. to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other,
unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;

. text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in parentheses;

. any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision means such statute or
statutory provision as it has been amended through the date as of which the particular portion of
this Agreement is to take effect, or to any successor statute or statutory provision relating to the
same subject as the statutory provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable
rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

6+
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF lOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
