(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this GIP Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this GIP Agreement:

(iii) | This GIP Agreement constitutes a legal. valid and binding obligation of such party.
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity:

(iv) No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this GIP Agreement, except such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect:

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this GIP Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

ROYALTIES

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay Royalties to UCFF. Royalties will not be paid
until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g.. W-8) is fully
completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of
Royalties then due (along with the delivery of Bank?s Royalty report) will be made
approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

CONFIDENTIALITY

The terms of this GIP Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary
information provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously
with, or subsequent to, the execution of this GIP Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as
of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other
person or entity, except as permitted under this GIP Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.
Bank and UCFF shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants,
consultants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees (?Agents?) only to the extent
necessary for the performance of their respective duties in connection with the Program, or (ii) as
required by law or requested by any governmental regulatory authority. Bank and UCFF each
agree that if one of their Agents discloses such Information to another person or entity in
violation of this Section 6, or uses such Information for a purpose not expressly permitted in this
Section 6, such act shall be deemed a material breach of this GIP Agreement by the party whose
Agent it is and the non-breaching party may. in addition to any other right or remedy available at
law or in equity and upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the other party, cease providing
the other party with any reporting (other than the royalty report described in Section 6 or other
information concerning the Program or the GIP Agreement. whether or not a requirement of the
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The term of this GIP Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier
pursuant to the terms of this GIP Agreement will end on the date the Royalty Agreement

Page 3 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
