(b) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network's interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank's businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank (?/mpact?), then Bank may
notify GKIHS in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the
Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after GKIHS?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the
Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and
other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits
Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to
GKIHS, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the
Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this
Subsection 5(b), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any
and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the
products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such
program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes
to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program}.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent
applicable, its Subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives) prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information shall not be disclosed by such other Person to
any other Person, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
GKIHS shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party disclosing Information of the other Party to its
Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by its Agents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on March 31, 2023 (?Initial
Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term"; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term"),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

10

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATION AL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R APUIXITY AGREEMENT (EXECU EON COPY)
