that is designed to: (i) ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of Information (including use of a
change control process to ensure that access to its systems (and those of its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents) and Information is controlled and recorded); (ii) protect against
any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of information which includes the use of
up-to-date commercially available virus and malicious code detection and protection products; (iii}
protect against unauthorized access to or use of Information that could result in substantial harm or
inconvenience to a Customer or applicant in respect of the Program; and (iv) ensure the proper return of
Information to Bank and/or the proper disposal of Information.

(e) During the Term and thereafter until ACS and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information ACS will
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in
writing within twenty four hours; and (ii} promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free number provided by Bank from time to time) in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include Information, whether in ACS?s possession or in
the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. ACS will cooperate
fully (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully)
with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. ACS will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security
breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. ACS will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities
and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that ACS will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially
reasonable after ACS (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes
aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise ACS?s system (or
that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application
software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of ACS?s other information
handling practices.

(f} The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on March 31,
2022 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shail automatically extend at the end of the tnitial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

-13-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American-Chemieat Society
ini 3

