Affinity Card Program Agreement
JMG JV, LLC, d/b/a Georgia Bulldogs Sports Marketing

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1* day of July, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and JMG JV, LLC, d/b/a Georgia Bulldogs Sports Marketing, a Delaware limited liability company
having its principal place of business at 540 N. Trade Street, NW, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27101 (?JMG?
and Bank are, each, a ?Party? or collectively, the ?Parties?).

WHEREAS, JMG (i) has entered into an Agreement (the ?JMMG/UGAA Agreement?), pursuant to which
JMG is the designated multi-media rights holder for University of Georgia Athletic Association, Inc. (?UGAA?),
which maintains, manages and operates the University of Georgia?s intercollegiate athletics program (?Georgia
Athletics?), and (ii) has the right to enter into this Agreement with Bank.

WHEREAS, The University of Georgia Foundation, on behalf of UGAA, and Bank entered into the
Restated Affinity Agreement dated July 1, 2013, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?),
wherein Bank provided certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by
or on behalf of UGAA and/or The University of Georgia Foundation, and the Previous Agreement has expired by
its terms; and

WHEREAS, JMG and Bank desire to enter into this Agreement to enable Bank to manage an affinity card
program associated with UGAA and the University of Georgia Foundation, as further described in this
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, JMG and
Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of its opening for at least one

purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time by mutual agreement by the Parties.
