(e)

63)

(g)

(h)

received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the scope of the permitted use of the
Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its
affiliates to any third party.

Relief for Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List. Because the nature of the Accountholder
List makes an evaluation of damages after a violation of this Section impossible, then if UAAA
or any of its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives uses an
Accountholder List in a manner that violates this Section, Bank will be entitled to damages of
twenty dollars ($20.00) for each use of each category of information (e.g., names, addresses,
etc.) used in violation of this Section, with the amount of damages not to exceed one hundred
fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) per breach. In addition, Bank will be entitled to injunctive
relief to prevent violation or further violation by UAAA and/or its Members, employees,
volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in this Section will be construed as
prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened
breach.

Return or Destruction of Accountholder List. UAAA will return to Bank each Accountholder
List, in the same form as received by UAAA within thirty (30) days of receipt of such
Accountholder List. On or before the effective date of termination of the Agreement, VAAA
agrees that it will: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all Accountholder Lists
and Accountholder Information; and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and
all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. UAAA shall
perform all destruction of Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information in accordance
with Bank's then current destruction policy.

Notification and Treatment of Security Breach. UAAA will (i) notify Bank in writing within
twenty-four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at (800)
207-2377, Option 1 and identify themselves as a supplier when reporting the incident; in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include an Accountholder List or Accountholder
Information, whether in UAAA?s possession or in the possession of an affiliate, employee,
volunteer, agent, and/or representative. UAAA will cooperate fully with Bank to investigate,
resolve and control security incidents. UAAA will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and
mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the Customer of a security breach
and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. UAAA will monitor industry-standard information channels for newly identified
system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely
manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that UAAA will
introduce such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after UAAA becomes aware of
the security problem. This obligation extends to all devices that comprise UAAA?s system, e.g.,
application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to all of
UAAA?s other Information handling practices.

Security of Accountholder Information. UAAA has and will maintain throughout the term of this
Agreement and for such time period after the termination of this Agreement as UAAA possesses,
controls or has access to Accountholder Information, an information security program that is
designed to (i) ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of the Accountholder
Information; (ii) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of

18

Tue,17 Feb 2015 7:00:53
