?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Progrom? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the Agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Section A.4, B.4 and C.4 of
Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such work in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, or debit card program
(including pre-paid card program) or the functional equivalent (e.g., digital wallet, or card-not-present
transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing programs.

?GAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of GAA.
?GAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?GAA Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant to
GAA Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?GAA Rewards? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in the Recitals.

?GAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by GAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any subcontractor (including its and their respective
Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including GAA Marketing
Efforts).

?GAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of GAA or its Affiliates

and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by GAA or any

GAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

24

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hil! Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
