?Subcontractor? means each Person to whom USCAA has, directly or indirectly delegated or
subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising, in whole or in part,
Direct Sales Interaction or the administration of USCAA Rewards. ?Subcontractor? includes a
Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).
?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j).
?University? means the University of Southern California.
?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term

as set forth in Schedule D attached hereto.

?USCAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of USCAA, but shall not include the University or any school or
department thereof.

?USCAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by USCAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?USCAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of USCAA used or
acquired by USCAA prior to or during the Term as set forth in Schedule C attached hereto.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

. the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

. ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not {imiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;

. a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

? any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

? the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

? a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

? a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to
the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;

. ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the

context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof;
. ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
