? @

Out Royalties?), then MBNA America may reduce the amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due
by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

19. Effective September 1, 2003, Section G of Schedule B of the Agreement is replaced in its entirety
with the following:

G. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

FIUF shall be guaranteed to accrue Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the
Advances) equal to or greater than One Million Five Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($1,550,000) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by the end of the full term of the Agreement, subject to
the provisions set forth below. If on the last day of the full term of this Agreement FIUF has not
accrued $1,550,000 in Royalties, MBNA America will pay FIUF an amount equal to the
Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by FIUF during the term of this
Agreement and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee
and any obligation of MBNA America hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-
occurrence of any of the conditions set forth in Subsection F.1., above.

20. Schedule B of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section H:
H. ACCOUNT BONUS

Provided none of the conditions set forth in Section F.1. above occur, then within forty-five (45)
days after each of December 31, 2004, December 31, 2005, December 31, 2006, December 31,
2007, and December 31, 2008, MBNA America will determine how many new Credit Card
Accounts were opened during the previous calendar year, which remained opened for ninety (90)
consecutive days (the "Previous Year's New Credit Card Accounts"). If the number of Previous
Year's New Credit Card Accounts is two thousand five hundred (2,500) or more than MBNA
America will pay to FIUF the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000).

21. In addition to FIUF?s obligations under the Agreement to exclusively endorse the Program, FIUF
agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will not market, solicit proposals for programs offering,
or discuss with any organization (other than MBNA America) the providing of, any Financial Service
Products of any organization other than MBNA America.

22, Except as amended by this First Amendment, all the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any
inconsistencies between this First Amendment and the Agreement shall be governed by this First
Amendment. This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The
Agreement, as amended by this First Amendment, contains the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters covered and no other prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written,
made by any party or its employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding. Certain Financial
Service Products or services under the Agreement may be offered through MBNA America?s affiliates.
For example, business credit cards are currently issued and administered by MBNA America (Delaware),
N.A., and certain marketing services are currently provided by MBNA Marketing Systems, Inc.
