?University? means The University of Texas System, including The University of Texas at Austin and any
office or department of, or affiliated or associated with The University of Texas at Austin, including the
athletic department and the office of student affairs of The University of Texas at Austin.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules
shall apply:

e the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

e ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

e ?and? is conjunctive only;

e ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

e ?any? means ?any or all?;

e areference to any agreement or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements,
amendments and replacements;

e areference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or Exhibit
to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular Section, Schedule
or Exhibit is the intended reference);

e areference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the
contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;

e =?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any particular clause
hereof;

e ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;

e tothe extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either
or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or
consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment;

e to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other,
unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;

e text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in parentheses;

e any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision shall mean such statute or
statutory provision as it has been amended through the date as of which the particular portion of this
Agreement is to take effect, or to any successor statute or statutory provision relating to the same subject
as the statutory provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable rules or regulations
promulgated thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

e unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this
Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or exhibits,
renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement, instrument or
document;

e references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the
close of business on such day; and,

e any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be due
on the first Business Day thereafter.

31
