shall be in the Circuit Court of Lee County, Alabama, or the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama.

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, AU may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using AU Marketing Channels; provided AU pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).
Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for AU?s use in
connection AU?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, AU will only use such
specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen
marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, AU will be responsible for all expenses with regard to any
Group Marketing Effort. AU will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to
engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by AU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle AU to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web
pages) to be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Bank, in its sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing,
content, and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, AU shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. AU will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at AU?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by AU upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, AU will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) AU will advertise all the products offered under the Program on AU?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of AU as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at AU?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement
to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit
Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle AU to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. AU
will correct, modify, terminate, remove or delink (as directed by Bank) any and all hyperlinks, postings,
materials or such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to
view all Program material, AU will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login credentials) to

-14-

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
