c.

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1.

D.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the Term, USCAA will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits Royalty compensation
provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial Service Product. Except as set forth
in this Section D, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other Royalty compensation provisions contained in
the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to USCAA on any existing deposit account that is
converted to the Program.

1.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has a positive
balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90"") day from the account opening date.

An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking account opened under the Program that has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account opening
date. Payments will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

ROYALTY ADVANCE

Upon full execution of this Agreement by Bank, and upon each annual anniversary of the Effective Date
in 2019 through 2022, respectively, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, Bank shall pay to USCAA
as follows: four hundred thousand dollars ($400,000.00) in 2018, three hundred seventy-five thousand
dollars ($375,000.00) in 2019, three hundred fifty thousand dollars ($350,000.00) in 2020, three
hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($325,000.00) in 2021 and three hundred thousand dollars
($300,000.00) in 2022 {each and in the aggregate, an ?Advance?), as an advance against future Eligible
Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth betow. All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct
payment to USCAA, be applied against each of the Advances until such time as all Advances are fully
recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to USCAA as set forth in this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x} Bank shall no longer be obligated to pay any additional

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
