internationally recognized overnight or express courier, (ii) 3 business days after mailing by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) at the time that notice of receipt is
generated electronically by the recipient party opening the email {/.e., request a read receipt,
which some recipients might be able to ignore) or at the time that the sender can demonstrate
electronically that the email has been delivered (/.e., request a delivery receipt), or at such
other time as the receiving party acknowledges receipt. To be valid for purposes of this
Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to PTK:

Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society
1625 Eastover Drive
Jackson, Mississippi 39211

ATTENTION: Mr. Steven D. Mulhollen
Chief Financial Officer

e-mail: steven.mulhollen@ptk.org

Phi Theta Kappa Foundation
1625 Eastover Drive
Jackson, Mississippi 39211

ATTENTION: Dr. Nancy L. Rieves, CEO
Executive Director

e-mail : nancy.rieves@ptk.org

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DES5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Facsimile #: (206) 585-9732

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this section shall be presumed properly sent

notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, PTK may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may assign any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement to any other Person without the prior consent of PTK. Bank may utilize the services of
any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or
services under this Agreement may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank's Affiliates.

14
PHI THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy) GF
