SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
. AFFINITY AGREEMENT
GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1* day of April, 2016 (the ?Effective Date") by

and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and Golden Key International Honour Society, a non-profit association having its principal place of
business in Atlanta, Georgia (?GKIHS?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties? }, for themselves and for
both party?s respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, GKIHS and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated

April 1, 2011, as the same may have been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of GKIHS; and

WHEREAS, GKIHS and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, GKIHS

and Bank agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

(a) When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases shall have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below or in the section that defines them, whether used in
the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender:

"Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer or their account under the
program (?Accountholder?}, the Bank, or the Program.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information that Bank may furnish to GKIHS solely
for the purpose of this Agreement. ?Accountholder List? includes any whole or partial copies or
compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information derived solely from
an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is utilized by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of the Credit Card Account?s
opening for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a
charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through 8, as may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means with respect to a Person any (i) federal, state, and local statutes (including
GLBA, consumer protection laws, fair lending laws, and statutes, rules, regulations regulatory bulletins

I

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R APTINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
