(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by The Association as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle The Association to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP
Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-pages) to
be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its
sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation
of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, The Association shall immediately discontinue any
or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting
such discontinuance. The Association will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any Group
Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group Marketing
Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at The Association?s request will be promptly reimbursed by
The Association upon demand provided that Bank obtained The Association?s prior approval to incur such costs.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, The Association will comply and cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) The Association will advertise all the products offered under the Program on The Association?s home
page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of The Association as
the Parties shall mutually agree upon, all at The Association?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each
such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card
Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle The Association to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. The
Association will correct, modify, terminate, remove and delink (as directed by Bank) any and all hyperlinks,
postings, materials, or advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view
all Program material, The Association will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login credentials) to
access any and all pages within The Association?s internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other
restricted access pages that display Program material. The Parties agree that The Association at its sole
discretion may at any time make changes to the design, content, features, and/or navigation of websites it owns
or controls, and that The Association may modify or change the specific location(s) of Bank marketing materials
in the course of making such changes to The Association?s website(s). The Association will obtain the Bank?s
prior approval in advance of implementing any changes to The Association?s website(s) which may impact
content or placement of Bank?s marketing materials. If Parties cannot agree on The Association?s proposed
changes, The Association will remove Bank?s marketing materials upon Bank?s request.

(g) During the Term and as agreed to by Bank and The Association, The Association agrees to conduct, at its
own expense Group Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing
efforts (e.g., hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s)),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts,
including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s) within
publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

-15-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
