(e)

()

(b)

(c)

records of any Customer existing as of ninety (90) days following the termination or expiration
date of this Agreement, and Bank shall have the right to use UHAA Trademarks and University
Trademarks on such credit devices, debit devices, checks and records until their normally
scheduled reissue date or exhaustion.

In the event that Applicable Law has or will have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses
(including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this
Agreement), as determined in Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify UHAA in
writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If,
within thirty (30) business days after UHAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both parties, Bank shall have
the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement
in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UHAA, upon ninety (90) days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card
Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section 10(e), such
terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in
Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its terms are
meant to survive the termination of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other
provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be
null and void, in each case, as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration
of the Agreement for just that program.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, UHAA agrees that neither UHAA nor any UHAA Affiliate will, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service
Product or a related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
UHAA may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who
were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by
UHAA, provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part
of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or
indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from
those offered to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

UHAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any
Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by UHAA, including, but not
limited to, any GIP (??UHAA Marketing Effort?). UHAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior
notice prior to engaging in any UHAA Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by UHAA as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UHAA to the Royalty for
GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, marketing materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which
do not contain or reference such coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any UHAA
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any UHAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UHAA shall

Page 10 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

