N

(a)

(b)

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which UCFF complies with the GIP provisions of this GIP Agreement.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as
part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World
Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UCFF
complies with the GIP provisions of this GIP Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.
ROYALTYAGREEMENT

The parties acknowledge and agree that the accounts generated from the marketing activities
pursuant to this GIP Agreement shall be part of the Program and subject to the terms of the
Royalty Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and
Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any opening-of-account royalty pursuant to
the Royalty Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, any provisions of the Royalty Agreement not specifically delineated
herein, including. but not limited to, the terms of the Trademark license granted by UCFF to
Bank and the terms of exclusion for any Financial Service Products pursuant to the Royalty
Agreement are incorporated into this GIP Agreement by reference.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each account
generated from the UCFF Marketing Efforts independently of UCFF.

Bank may maintain separately and will own all information that it obtains as a result of an
account relationship or an application for an account relationship generated from UCFF
Marketing Efforts. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this
GIP Agreement or the Royalty Agreement: provided however that Bank will not use this separate
information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UCFF.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

UCFF and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this GIP Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing:

Page 2 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
