G)

(kK)

1)

(m)

(n)

Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or will be construed to confer upon
or give any person other than Association and Bank, their successors and assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

Neither party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any person or
entity which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other
or any of its Affiliates, whether or not the statement is true and whether or not it is characterized
as confidential.

Neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government
laws, rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of
carriers or other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or
avoidable, and without the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed party
(?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for more than one hundred twenty (120) days
by providing the delayed party with least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by the delayed party within ten (10) days after the
expiration of the one hundred twenty (120) day period.

This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. The parties
hereto agree to accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct
original and admissible as best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper
jurisdiction.

This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the parties hereto and their respective
counsel. No provision or section of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or
against either party by reason of construction against the draftsman, or any similar doctrine.

Any controversy or claim arising out of this agreement shall be submitted to non-binding
mediation under the Commercial Mediation Rules of the American Arbitration Association.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties, by its representative, has executed this Agreement as of

the Effective Date.
The Association of Former FIA Card Services, N.A.
Students of Texas A&M

By:

Title:

Date:

Universi
?te, Z:

Name: Tonfee Ss CARVE LNG Name: Jake Wry

Pra sipint ane CLd Title: Cea lee View Pes) deal
tf pid Date: 5 fis)

Page 14 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
