Personal Information; and (ii) destroy within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible
form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium
whatsoever. Fordham shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current destruction
policy. Fordham shall have the right to retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent
required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to
be subject to the terms and conditions herein contained and Bank Security Requirements.
Fordham shall promptly certify its compliance with these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The
provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

5. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, all other terms and conditions of the
Agreement are and will remain in full force and effect throughout the Term. In the event of a conflict
between the provisions of this Amendment and those of the Agreement, the provisions of this
Amendment will govern over and supersede the provisions of the Agreement.

6. This Amendment shall be governed by, construed, interpreted, and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws. Any rule of law or
legal decision that would require any ambiguities in this Amendment to be interpreted against the Party
that drafted it is not applicable and is hereby waived by the Parties.

q& For the convenience of the Parties, this Amendment may be executed in counterparts,
each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of which will constitute one and the same
Amendment. In addition, this Amendment may be executed by facsimile or electronic copy (e.g., ?PDF?)
signature, and any such facsimile or electronic copy signature by any Party hereto will be deemed to be
an original signature and will be binding on such Party to the same extent as if such facsimile or
electronic copy signature were an original signature.

8. Either Party may scan, fax, email, image, or otherwise convert this Amendment into an
electronic format of any type or form, now known or developed in the future. Any unaltered or
unadulterated copy of this Amendment produced from such an electronic format will be legally binding
upon the Parties and equivalent to the original for all purposes, including, without limitation, litigation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as
of the day and year first above written.

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION FORDHAM UNIVERSITY 7

Senior Vice President [ 2 {2 6 36 b FO {
