(a)

identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program. Program Trademarks
may but need not necessarily consist of an UCFF Trademark. with or without other
elements.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and
offered as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., World Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.
?UCFF Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UCFF or the University.

?UCFF Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any
font, look and feel), logo, logotypes, service mark, trade dress, trade name. or trademark
used or acquired or created by UCFF, the University or any UCFF Affiliate prior to or
during the term of this Agreement. Any Program Trademarks which use any part or look
of any existing UCFF names, logos, or other distinguishing features will be owned.
controlled and approved solely by UCFF regardless of the source(s) of its creation.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UCFF

UCFF agrees that during the term and to the extent provided within this Agreement in
that the Deposit Program has not been and will not be an exclusive endorsement by
UCFF and/or UCFF Affiliates.

UCFF will endorse the Program exclusively and will not (i) sponsor, advertise, market
with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank: (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist
the use by others of the UCFF Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists
or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if UCFF or any
UCFF Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales. UCFF shall
not, and shall cause UCFF Affiliates not to. favor any payment product or method of
payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program
with the exception of cash currency and/or the student focused debit card which
facilitates certain transactions or where no other payment method is offered or available.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary; UCFF may accept print
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not
contain an express endorsement by UCFF of said financial institution. For purposes of
clarification. the Deposit Program has not been and is not going to be exclusive under this
Agreement.

Page 4 of 20
