?(ii) as required by law (including CAA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R.?1026,57(b}} or requested by
Governmental Authority.?

7. Delete Section 8 in its entirety and replace it with the following:
"8. TERM OF AGREEMENT
The term of this Agreement shall begin on July 1, 2017 and end on June 30, 2022.
8. Section 10 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Subsection (h):

?(h) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate
this Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to
CAA effective as of the date specified in such notice or as required by such
Governmental Authority.?

9, Section 12 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following Subsections:

?(o) CAA agrees to cooperate with (and to cause its Representatives, to cooperate with) each
Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over Bank in connection with any examination
or other supervisory actlvity by such Governmental Authority. The provisions of this
Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(p) Neither any submission of this document by one Party to the other, nor any
correspondence or other communications between the Parties in connection therewith,
is intended or shali be deemed to constitute an offer of any kind or to create any
obligations between the Parties unless and until one or more duplicates of this
document has been fully executed and delivered between the Parties hereto,
whereupon this document shall become the binding Agreement. Accordingly, any such
submission or communications or correspondence between the Parties or their
respective agents or attorneys is intended only as non-binding discussions, and either
Party shalt have the absolute right to withdraw from such discussions at any time
without any liability whatsoever to the other Party.?

10. in Section B (3) of Schedule A, delete?0.20% (twenty basis points)? and replace it with ?0.50%
(flfty basis points)?. For the avoidance of doubt, Bank will pay such revised compensation only for each
Credit Card Account from and after the Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the terms
outlined Section 8 (3).

11. In Section D (4) of Schedule A, delete ?$75.00 (seventy-five dollars)? and replace it with
?$100.00 {one hundred dollars)?. For the avoidance of doubt, Bank will pay such revised compensation
only for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened from and after the Amendment Effective Date in
accordance with the terms outlined Section D (4).

12, This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be

considered an original, and all of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Amendment, contains the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the

The Trustees of Columbia University In the City of New York Term Extensi... (1)

