SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
The Foundation of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte
For the benefit of The University of North Carolina at Charlotte Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of the first day of October, 2021 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and
The Foundation of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Inc., a non-profit corporation, exempt under IRS Code
Section 501(c)(3), having its principal place of business in Charlotte, North Carolina (?Foundation?) for the benefit of The
University of North Carolina Alumni Association, an affiliate of the Foundation, having its principal place of business in
Charlotte, North Carolina (?UNCCAA?, and collectively with Bank and Foundation, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves
and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, Foundation, UNCCAA, and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated October 1, 2014, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial
services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of Foundation and UNCCAA,; and,

WHEREAS, the Parties mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as of the
Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties agree
as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized terms have
the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and
regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days and that
is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one purchase or cash
advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The term
?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).
?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common law),
ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory examinations,
licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or administrative
interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of self-
regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard,
American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings, injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree,
determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority

-1-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
