?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, (b) any
record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting
Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or otherwise
possessed by or on behalf of the Bank including a compilation of such records; all of which is the Bank?s
Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or other grouping of
consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally
identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the fact that such consumers are
or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., Bank of America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
CAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service
Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more CAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account or Premium Reward GIP
Account as of the date such account becomes an Activated Account.

-4-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
