DocuSign Envelope ID: BCDSF8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for UM?s use in
connection UM?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, UM will only use
such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the
specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, UM will be responsible for all expenses with
regard to any Group Marketing Effort. UM will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its
desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by UM as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UM to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web
pages) to be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Bank, in its sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing,
content, and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UM shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UM will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at UM?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by UM upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, UM will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) UM will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UM?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UM as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at UM?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement
to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit
Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UM to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. UM
will correct, modify, terminate, remove and delink (as directed by Bank) any and all hyperlinks, postings,
materials, or advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all
Program material, UM will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login credentials) to access
any and all pages within the UM internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other restricted access
pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, UM agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g.,
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s)),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing
efforts, including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone
number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

-15-

EXECUTION CoPY- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
