03/02/2018 18:58 Fax

ae

?Qualifying GIP Account?

U-M_oge
005/099

means & new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium

Reward GIP Account which remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is

utilized by the Customer wi
Reward GIP Account?s or Pr
or cash advance which is not
otherwise disputed.

?Reward Account? means a

thin fhe first ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s,

Reward GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or

Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as

part of the Program. A Reward

Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World

Points), as determined by Bank |from time to time, in its sole diserction.

?Reward GIP Account" means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which AAUM
complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Royalties? means the com
?University Affiliate? means

?University Trademarks?
trade dress, trade name, or
Agreement and approved by
this Agresment.

(bo) ? Rules of Interpretation. Ex

agreement or other contract includes
replacements; (iv) a reference in this
schedule or exhibit to this Agreement
or paragraph in this Agreement shall,
parte or sub-components of any said
?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other wo
contrary, refer to the whole of this
calendar days unless otherwise note:

ation set forth in Schedule A.

any Affiliate of University,

ark used or acquired by the University during the term of this
iversity for use by Bank and/or AAUM for purposes related to

" mepns any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
U

t as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the

foilowing rules shall apply hereto: Gy fhe singular includes the plural and the plural includes the
singular; (1i) ?or? is not exclusive and

?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any
y permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
greement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of or
unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference ta a Section
?unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to all sub-
ection or paragraph; (vi) words such as ?hereunder,? ?hereto,?
s of like import shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the
ent and not to any particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means
: (vili) to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement,

approval or consent of any matter by either or both parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the

contrary, such agreement, approval
business judgment, and (ix) to the
one party or the other, unless the tex!

r consent shall be granted or denied in such party?s reasonable
tent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or

consent shal) not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
2, i INSIBIL:
(a) AAUM agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the Program exclusively

directly or indirectly: (i) g

and that neither AAUM norany AAUM Affiliate will, by itself or in conjunction with others,

sor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs

offering, or discuss with = organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial

Service Products of any en?

ty other than Bank; (ji) license, allow others to license, or use or

Page 4 of 32
CONFIDENTIAL

