(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants,
lawyers, financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its
?Agents?) as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such
Agents agree to treat the Information as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable
confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive as those in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority (including UDAA?s compliance
with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any
breach of any provision of this Section by its Agents.

(c) The Recipient shall keep and shall cause its subcontractors (if any} and its and their
respective Representatives to keep) all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information}
confidential and shail not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away,
barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any such information to
any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses
agreed to in writing by the Disclosing Party prior to any such transfer. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of this Section by its subcontractors (if any)
and its and their respective Representatives. If the Recipient receives a request or demand to
disclose Information {including Nonpublic Personal Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order
of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or
committee, the Recipient will: (i) immediately notify the Disclosing Party of the existence,
terms, and circumstances surrounding such request; (ii) consult with the Disclosing Party on the
advisability of taking tegally available steps to resist or narrow such request; and (iii) if
disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to
obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such
portion of such information to be disclosed that the Disclosing Party designates.

(d} To the extent permitted by Applicable Law and, as to Bank, to the extent consistent with
Bank?s policies, procedures, and practices, a Party shall provide the other Party with reasonable
notification upon becoming aware of any compromises to either the security, confidentiality, or
integrity of the other Party?s Information.

{e) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

{a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on June 30,
2023 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal
term for successive one-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial
Term, the ?Term?), unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least
90 and not more than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement {Execution Copy)
