and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, NYUAA Activities and performance of
NYU?s duties and obligations hereunder (including NYUAA Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to NYU?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests, or inspections, provided that such audits,
tests, or inspections are consistent: (i) with Applicable Law and (ii) with how Bank would conduct such
audit, test, or inspection under the relevant circumstances across its US retail consumer credit card
program. Bank shall bear all costs associated with such audits, tests, or inspections. The Parties shall
mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such
date is within 30 days of Bank?s written notice. NYU shall promptly remediate and require its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found
with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. NYU?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and require its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies
and require its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as
aforesaid within 30 days of written notice to NYU shall be deemed a material breach by NYU of this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
the Term for a period of two years.

(I) Each Party shall maintain (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, make available) at no
additional cost to other Party, in a reasonably accessible location, all records pertaining to the Program
for the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records
relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i)
pertaining to Members not in connection with the Program; and (ii) that are proprietary or confidential
and unrelated to the Program. For the avoidance of doubt, Bank shall not, and is under no obligation to,
make available any records pertaining to Customers, Credit Card Accounts, Deposit Accounts, portfolio
information, or Nonpublic Personal Information. Each Party will give prior notice to the other Party of
requests by any Governmental Authority for the other Party?s Information within the Party?s possession
or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives),
provided that, with respect to Bank, Bank is authorized by Applicable Law or such Governmental
Authority to give such notice. At the other Party?s written request, the Party shall reasonably cooperate
with the other Party in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of
the Wind-Down Period.

(m) If any NYU Subcontractor refuses or fails to timely perform any NYUAA Activity required by NYU
pursuant to this Agreement, including for example Training, NYU shall promptly notify Bank and cease
utilizing such Subcontractor for any NYUAA Activities.

(n) NYU acknowledges that Bank has directed NYU?s attention to 12 C.F.R. ? 1026.57(b).

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program in substantial compliance with
Applicable Law. The Parties agree that this Agreement may not be terminated pursuant to Section 11(a)
herein for a breach of this Section 3(a) unless such breach causes material adverse impact to the
Program, NYU, or a majority of Customers under the Program.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Subsection 10(a). Bank reserves

-10-
