and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
person to person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

4. $100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Premium Reward GIP
Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.
Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

Dz. BUSINESS CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

Business Credit Card Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Business Credit Card Accounts.
For clarity, the Business GIP Account royalty will be paid once for each relationship with a business
entity and not for the individual cardholder accounts established in such relationship.

1. 0.20% (twenty basis points) of the retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by
Customers using a Business Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions that (1)
relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are quasi cash
transactions (e.g., the purchase of money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, casino chips, racetrack wagers, vouchers redeemable for cash or other
items readily convertible into cash)).

2. $75.00 (seventy-five dollars) for each Business GIP Account opened, without regard to
the number of authorized cardholders under such Business GIP Account, which remains
open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer
within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Business GIP Account?s opening for
at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the
subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed. Such Business GIP Accounts
will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

E. BUSINESS REWARDS ACCOUNTS

Business Rewards Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Business Rewards Accounts. For
clarity, the Business Rewards GIP Account royalty will be paid once for each relationship with a
business entity and not for the individual cardholder accounts established in such relationship.

1. 0.10% (ten basis points) of the retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by
Customers using a Business Rewards Account (excluding those transactions that (i) relate
to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (ii) are quasi cash
transactions (e.g., the purchase of money orders, travelers checks, foreign currency,
lottery tickets, casino chips, racetrack wagers, vouchers redeemable for cash or other
items readily convertible into cash)).

Page 17 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
