(n) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of The Association or otherwise made
available to The Association and requested in writing by Bank, The Association will promptly deliver to Bank at
The Association?s expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or
audit report covering The Association?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services
organization providing Association Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or
replacement reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization),
reports on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the 15027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor
or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or
any successor organization). The Association will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering
such reports to Bank.

(o) The Association acknowledges that Bank has directed The Association's attention to 12 C.F.R.
?1026.57(b) and The Association has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program including, if
Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of The
Association.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in Bank?s
marketing channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of The Association.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those Persons handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose.
Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material
shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of The Association.
However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account
relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and
shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by The Association.

(f) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]]

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, The Association acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers
(e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with the promotion of
Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, when using The
Association?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products (excluding Deposit
Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, or through
other marketing channels, unless The Association consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such
purposes. ?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade, money market
deposit accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts and individual retirement

-10-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
