accounts). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for,
and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a
part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) The Association and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform

its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in connection
with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been
obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that The Association Trademarks or
University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, The Association represents and warrants to Bank that The
Association has the right and power to license Association Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks
to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the
promotion of the Program. The Association shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates
(including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability,
causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith
(including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein,
as the case may be, from Bank's use of Association Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon or
from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party
upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any Association Trademarks,
University Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, The Association represents and warrants that neither
it nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any sanctions
imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other
relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is The Association or its Representatives or
Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. The
Association represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and Subcontractors has, or during
the Term will, violate any Sanctions. The Association represents and warrants that neither it nor its
Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this Agreement or any of the
benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person or in any country or territory,
that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in

-11-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
