Exhibit 1
Defined terms and Rules of Interpretation

Defined Terms. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth
below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender. Other
terms defined herein have the meanings given to them where they are defined.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer, a Credit Card Account, the
Bank, or the Program that Bank furnishes or causes to be furnished to ESAUT.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information (including anonymized or aggregated
Accountholder Information). Accountholder List includes any whole or partial copies, derivations, or
compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information derived solely or in
combination with other information from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The term
?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, Exhibit 1, and Schedules A through C, as may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any applicable: (i) federal, state, or local law, ordinance,
statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory examinations,
licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations;
(iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express
or other card network; and, (iv) orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements
with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to
which such Party is subject.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program that
is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank
agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

27
