Exhibit 1
Defined terms and Rules of Interpretation

Defined Terms. For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth
herein, the foliowing capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural
or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have
the meanings set forth in the context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90
consecutive days and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of its
opening for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the
subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, Exhibit 1, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended
or supplemented from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including
common law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or
guidance, regulatory examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or
orders including judicial or administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing; (ii)
regulations, by-laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction,
requirement or contractual term of ViSA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network;
and, (iv) rulings, injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of,
or agreements with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or
binding upon, a Party or to which such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in
effect from time to time; provided, that, with respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the
foregoing, as implemented by Bank from time to time in the exercise of its reasonable
judgment and consistently applied across its retail US consumer credit card programs.

?Contract Year? means the period from the Effective Date through and including June 30, 2018
and each consecutive twelve month period thereafter from July 1 through June 30" during the
Initial Term.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
