(i) Within 24 hours of receipt, GW shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of GW (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, GW shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain GW Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis GW shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training within a reasonable time of Bank
providing such Training. Upon Bank?s request, GW shall cease to perform, and shall cause any
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing GW Activities if Training, as
initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by GW, such Subcontractor (and their
respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, GW agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. GW grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of GW, its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives).

(3) GW shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
GW Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. GW shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all GW Activities, whether performed by GW or any Subcontractor
(including their respective Representatives). GW shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or
omission of its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of GW?s obligation under this Agreement, including the
GW Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, GW shall permit Bank to permit, facilitate (and cooperate with)
Bank?s (including Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of GW with
respect to GW?s policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, GW Activities and performance of GW?s
duties and obligations hereunder (including GW Activities and their respective Representatives). Bank
shall have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall
mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such
date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. GW shall promptly remediate any deficiencies found with
respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. GW?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies
within 30 days of written notice to GW shall be deemed a material breach by GW of this Agreement.
The provisions of this Subsection 2(k} shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a
period of two years.

(i) GW shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to GW Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the
Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years

3

REVISED GW Contract (002).p0cx
