Cc. PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1. $3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

3. 0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

4. $100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

D. ROYALTY ADVANCES

1. Within 45 days of full execution of this Agreement (as defined herein) by Bank, and upon the first annual
anniversary of the Effective Date in 2021, Bank shall pay to AU the sum of one hundred fifty thousand dollars
($150,000) (each, an ?Advance?), as an advance against future Eligible Royalties, subject to the provisions set
forth below. All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to AU, be applied against each of the
Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall be
paid to AU as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated
to pay any additional Advances to AU hereunder, and (y) AU hereby promises to pay Bank upon demand an
amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount
of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the
event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (iv) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the Initial Term as stated in this Agreement as of the
Effective Date;

(ii) AU breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;
(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail campaigns to
the full updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the Term;

and

(iv) Bank shall be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at previously mutually agreed upon
major in-person AU non-student events during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during

-24-

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
