11.

(a)

(b)

(c)

@)

(e)

)

Foundation or UNCCAA, provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons
but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are
not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that
differ from those offered to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

Foundation and/or UNCCAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with
regard to any Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by Foundation
and/or UNCCAA, including, but not limited to, any GIP (?Foundation Marketing Effort?).
Foundation and/or UNCCAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any
Foundation Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by Foundation and/or UNCCAA as instructed by
Bank for tracking purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle
Foundation to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, marketing materials or telemarketing
inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be eligible for
any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any
Foundation Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Foundation Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above,
Foundation and/or UNCCAA shall immediately discontinue any or all Foundation Marketing
Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with, the written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. Foundation and/or UNCCAA will not deviate from the approved materials and
plan for any Foundation Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any
Foundation Marketing Effort or of supporting any Foundation Marketing Effort will be promptly
reimbursed by Foundation and/or UNCCAA upon demand.

Foundation and/or UNCCAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation,
the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with
respect to any Foundation Marketing Effort.

Foundation and/or UNCCAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on
Foundation?s and/or UNCCAA?s home page, account profile pages and such other prominent
locations within the internet site(s) of Foundation and/or UNCCAA as the parties shall mutually
agree upon, all at Foundation?s and/or UNCCAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink
from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a
telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised
Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or
telephone number will entitle Foundation to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A,
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Foundation and/or UNCCAA will
modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To
enable Bank to view all Program material, Foundation and/or UNCCAA will provide Bank with
the ability to access any and all pages within the Foundation and/or UNCCAA internet site(s),

Page 11 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
