(f)

(g)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

WFU will advertise all the products offered under the Program on WFU?s alumni page. account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of WFU as the parties
shall mutually agree upon, all at WFU?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in
each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service
Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number
will entitle WFU to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. WFU will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-
four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material. WFU will
provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within the WFU internet site(s),
including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display
Program material.

During the term of this Agreement. WFU may conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following WFU Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i)
online marketing efforts. which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or
Bank inbound application telephone number(s). which shall include, but not be limited to.
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters. welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline
marketing efforts. which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s). which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads.
magazine inserts. welcome kits. coupon books. member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7, 10(c). 10(d), 10(f) and 11(e) will survive the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will
not affect the remainder of this Agreement which will survive and be construed as if such invalid
or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and the parties hereto shall immediately
commence negotiations in good faith to reform this Agreement to make alternative provisions
herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in a manner that does not
run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

All notices relating to this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery. facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after

Page 11 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
