Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after WFU?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits WFU from granting to other persons a license to use the WFU Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product. As of the Effective Date and throughout
the Term, WFU represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such
license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
WFU Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. WFU may not (and
shall direct its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. WFU shall not (and shall direct its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank
shall not register or attempt to register any WFU Trademark or any Program Trademark that includes a
WFU Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within three Business Days of receipt, WFU shall refer (and shall direct its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of WFU (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, WFU shall (and shall direct its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide written procedures, training and guidelines regarding
Applicable Law as applied to Bank concerning certain WFU Activities conducted in furtherance of or
related to the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis WFU shall and shall direct its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon
Bank?s request, WFU shall cease to perform, and shall direct any Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cease performing WFU Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required
thereafter, is not completed by WFU, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the
case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic written request from Bank, WFU agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations,
responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing.
WFU grants (and to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the
right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of WFU, its Subcontractors (and its and their
respective Representatives).

(3) WFU shall, and shall direct its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
WFU Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable written instruction. WFU shall be responsible for the full, faithful,
complete, accurate and timely performance of all WFU Activities, whether performed by WFU or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). WFU shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
