@ 027/033

additional Advances to AAAUM hereunder, and (y) AAUM hereby promises to pay Bank
upon demand an arnount equal to the difference between the total amount of the
Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by
Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any of the
conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below should occur:

U-M_oac

93/02/2018 17:08 FAX an}

@) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in
this Agreement as of the Effective Date;

(ii) ? AAUM and/or University breach any of its obligations under this
Agreement;

(iii) Bank is bited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6)
direct mail campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;

(4) e-mail campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during cach
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;
and

(iv) Bank is ata or otherwise prevented from conducting at least four

(v) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at
cal agreed upon major University events during each consecutive
twelve (}2) month period during the term of the Agreement.

2. If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups ali
prior Advances paid by it to AAUM in prior years, and pays AAUM Eligible Royalties
accrued by AAUM over and above the Eligible Royalties used by Bank to recoup such
prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the amount of any
subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE,

AAUM shall be guaranteed to accrue /Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the
Advances) equal to or greater than eleven million dollars ($11,000,000) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by
June 30, 2025, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on June 30, 2025, AAUM has not accrued
$11,000,000 in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay AAUM an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount
minus the sum of ali compensation ag?rued by AAUM during the initial term of this Agreement and all
unrecouped Advances, Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any obligation of
Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of the conditions set forth
in Subsection E.1,, above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1, For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, AAUM will receive an
account bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) forty-five thousand
dollars ($45,000) if af least four hundred fifty (450), but less than five hundred fifty (550)
GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a
Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts, or (ii) fifty-five thousand dollars

Page 26 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

