10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) UVAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by UVAA, including, but not limited to, any GIP
(?UVAA Marketing Effort?). UVAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any
UVAA Marketing Effort.

(b

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by UVAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UVAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A,
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card
Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members
which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for
any GIP Royalty.

(c

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any UVAA Marketing
Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
UVAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UVAA shall immediately discontinue any or all
UVAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. UVAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
UVAA Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any UVAA Marketing
Effort or of supporting any UVAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by UVAA upon written
demand.

(e) With respect to any UVAA Marketing Effort, UVAA will comply with all applicable laws, including,
without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA.

(f) UVAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UVAA?s website, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UVAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at UVAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UVAA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. UVAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, UVAA will provide Bank with the ability to access
any and all pages within the UVAA internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, UVAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following UVAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online
marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-
newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would
include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall
include, but not be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member
directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU
messaging.

&

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
