e-mail: McCubbinT@missouri.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

4100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Facsimile #: (206) 585-9732

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this section shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, MAA may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may assign any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement to any other Person without the prior consent of MAA. Bank may utilize the services of
any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or
services under this Agreement may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) Bank and MAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither Party shall have
the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any
Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Persona third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative or an Affiliate of either Party
or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a Party or its Affiliates has any rights
(including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) MAA recognizes and agrees that Bank's goodwill and reputation in the marketplace are valuable and
intangible assets; therefore, MAA agrees that it shall not conduct itself or engage in any activity ina
manner that may adversely affect these assets. In the event Bank determines that MAA does not so
conduct itself, Bank may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately.

(k) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(1) Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such delay
or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules,
regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or other
similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without the

14

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).DOCX
