10.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in
accordance with this Agreement or by further written agreement of the Parties, end on June 30, 2025
(?Term?).

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of
the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, JMG may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program; provided as between the Parties, JMG pays for all marketing and solicitation
expenses associated with such efforts; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).
JMG will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Group Marketing
Effort. JMG will use commercially reasonable efforts to seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior
to its desired date to engage in any GIP but cannot engage in any GIP until it receives Bank?s approval.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by JMG as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle JMG to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, JMG shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. JMG will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All documented and pre-approved costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials
created pursuant to any Group Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be
promptly reimbursed by JMG upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, JMG will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) JMG will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UGAA?s official athletic site
located at www.georgiadogs.com and such other locations as the Parties shall mutually agree upon in
writing, all at JMG?s expense unless otherwise agreed. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
