addendum that is satisfactory to both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in
its entirety, without penalty or liability to Fordham, upon 90 days? advance written notice.

(f

For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, Fordham agrees that neither Fordham nor any Fordham Affiliate shall, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product
or a related product to Persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fordham may,
after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer Persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by Fordham, provided the
opportunity is not only made available to such Persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all
Members and provided further that Persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of
Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions
of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, either Party may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice (not to exceed 30 days)
to the other Party effective as of the date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental

Authority.

(h) If at any time during the Term a Party?s compliance with Applicable Law makes such Party?s (the
?Affected Party?) continued performance of this Agreement under the then current terms and
conditions unduly burdensome on such party (the ?Undue Burden?), then the Affected Party may notify
the other Party in writing of the Affected Party?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to
address the Undue Burden. Such written notice shall include an explanation and evidence of the Undue
Burden imposed by Applicable Law. If, within thirty (30) business days after the other Party?s receipt of
the Affected Party?s notice (the ?Negotiation Period?), the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully
executed an addendum that addresses the Undue Burden, then the Affected Party shall have the right
to terminate the Agreement, without penalty or liability to the other Party (other than payment of
Royalty amounts due), by providing written notice of termination to the other Party within thirty (30)
days after the end of the Negotiation Period (the ?Notice of Termination Period?). If such Party receives
the Affected Party?s written notice of termination within the Notice of Termination Period, then this
Agreement will terminate ninety (90) days after such Party?s receipt of the Affected Party?s notice. If
such Party does not receive the Affected Party?s written notice of termination within the Notice of
Termination Period, then the Affected Party?s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Subsection 11(h) shall be null and void and of no further force or effect with respect to the Undue
Burden that precipitated renegotiation of the terms of the Agreement during the Negotiation Period.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,
however that changes of address/Person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as
provided below in Subsection 12(f). The provisions of this Subsection 12(a) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(b

This Agreement: (i) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect of the subject matter hereof and thereof; (ii) collectively constitute the entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; and (iii) supersede,
merge, and integrate herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations,

14

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy)
