03/02/2018 17:01 Fay mg

(a)

(2)

(a)

(b)

(c)

U-H_oac

term of this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. AAUM represents and warrants that neither it
nor ita respective representatives, or its and their Agents will use this Agreement or any of the

benefits obtained hereunder to

d or engage in any activities with any Person or ip any country

or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any
other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions, The provisions of this

Subsection 4(c) shall survive thy

expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

Bank shall only use AAUM or University Trademarks as permitted by this Agreement, and shall

ensure that those entities perfo
do not use AAUM or Universi
defend and hold harmless AA

ing services on behalf of Bank in furtherance of this Agreement
Trademarks for any other purpose. Bank shall indemnify,
and/or University for any use of their respective trademarks by

Bank or Bank?s representatives unauthorized by this Agreement.

AAUM, University and Bank
directors, officers, agents, emp
?Indemunitees?) from and agai
reasonable and actual costs in
tnaterial breach of the relevant

ch will indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its

oyees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns (the

st any and all liability, causes of action, claims, and the

in connection therewith (?Losses?), resulting from the
obligations of this Agreement undertaken by AAUM, University

or Bank, respectively as the cage may be, or each its directors, officers or employees. Each party

shall promptly notify the other,

party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims

or complains that may reasonably result in the indemnification by the other party.

#) TIES

During the term of this A
paid until a Schedule B (W-9
fully completed and returned
Royalties then due will be m:
calendar quarter.

ent, Bank will pay Royalties to AAUM. Royalties will not be
?orm and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is
Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of
le approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each

During the term of this Amol on AAUM will pay University royalties in the amount of two

hundred thousand dollars (32

0,000.00) for each Contract Year or a portion thereof that this

Agreement is in effect. Such royalties shall be paid for the first Contract Year within sixty (60)
days of execution of this Agreement and by September 1 of each subsequent Contrast Your each

year.

If at any time duting the term|of the Agreement any change in any card network's interchange

rate(s) or similar rate(s), wh

measured separately or together with all other rate changes since

the Effective Date, has more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank's businesses (including
the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify AAUM and

University in writing of B:

"s desire to renegotiate the Rayalties and any other financial terms

in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within thirty (30) business days after AAUM?s and
University?s receipt of Bank|s notice, the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an
addenduz that modifies art and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shali

have the right to terminate e
Agreement in its entirety,
day?s advance written noticg,

er the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the
out penalty or liability to AAUM and University, upon ninety (90)
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit

Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this

Page 10 of 32
CONFIDENTIAL

911/033
