?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
financial brokerage products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card
program or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any
product or service in the foregoing, and any other additional financial service programs or products as
mutually agreed upon by Bank and IUAA during the Term. This definition excludes the corporate credit
card offered to employees of IUAA, Indiana University Foundation ("/UF"), and University by existing banks
("Corporate Cards") and their successors and assigns.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which IUAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the framework
that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,

domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? means account acquisition marketing using any one or more IUAA
Marketing Channels.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).
?IUAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of IUAA, excluding University.

?IUAA Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant to
IUAA Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?IUAA Rewards? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in the Recitals.
?IUAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by, IUAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives) )

pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?IUAA Marketing Channels? means any account acquisition channel used by IUAA.
