consent decree, or individual present or former Accountholder request, or if furnishing the
Accountholder List or Accountholder Information or its intended use would create an additional
regulatory compliance burden on Bank.

(b

Permitted Use of Accountholder List. Fordham shall not use the Accountholder List for any purpose not
expressly permitted by Bank in this Agreement or in a separate writing. Fordham will comply with all
Applicable Laws, rules, regulations and court orders or rulings applicable to Fordham in their use of the
Accountholder List and Accountholder Information. Fordham agrees to secure the Accountholder List in
accordance with the requirements of this Section and Bank?s instructions, as communicated by Bank to
Fordham from time to time in writing. Fordham will only permit access to the Accountholder List to
those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or Representatives of Fordham who need such access to
perform their duties relating to this Agreement. Fordham shall instruct all those employees, volunteers,

agents, and/or Representatives who work with any Accountholder List of Fordham?s duties and
limitations under this Agreement.

(c

No Transfer of Accountholder List. All Accountholder Lists are confidential and remain the sole property
of Bank even when in Fordham?s possession. Fordham will keep all Accountholder Lists confidential and
will not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or
otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any Accountholder List to any other entity or individual for
any reason, except as required by this Agreement or unless agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any
such transfer. If Fordham receives a request or demand to disclose an Accountholder List pursuant to a
subpoena, order of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative
body or committee, Fordham shall: (i) promptly notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances
surrounding such request; (ii) consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to
resist or narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Accountholder List is required or deemed
advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Accountholder List to be disclosed that Bank
designates.

(d

Detection of Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List, Any Accountholder List furnished to Fordham may
contain dummy information (e.g., names, account information, addresses, etc, unknown to Fordham.)
for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an Accountholder List. A violation of this Section is
conclusively proven and the relief specified below will be deemed owed when Bank establishes the
following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy information on the list (e.g., name(s), account
information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy information received any mailings which were sent
or generated outside the scope of the permitted use of the Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical
dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its Affiliates to any third party.

(e) Relief for Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List. Because the nature of the Accountholder List makes
an evaluation of damages after a violation of this Section impossible, then if Fordham or any of its
Members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or Representatives uses an Accountholder List in a
manner that violates this Section, Bank will be entitled to damages from Fordham of twenty dollars
($20.00) for each use of each category of information (e.g., names, addresses, etc.) used in violation of
this Section, with the amount of damages not to exceed one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000)
per breach. In addition, Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation
by Fordham and its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or Representatives of this Section.
Nothing in this Section will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on
account of such breach or threatened breach.

19

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
