(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration

e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be sent by
giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using e-mail properly
addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent notwithstanding the receipt
by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated response.

(g) Bank may not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the written
consent of Foundation and UNCCAA; provided however, that Bank may assign or transfer, without consent or
notice, its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement to any Person or Persons:

(i) pursuant to order of, or reorganization by any Governmental Authority;

(ii) (other than a subsidiary or an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
Bank (an "Bank Affiliate")) pursuant to a sale or series of related sales (other than a sale as
described in clause (iii), below) as long as such prospective buyer (or buyers) has (or have)
substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank;

(iii) (other than an Bank Affiliate) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially
all the assets of Bank; or,

(iv) which are Bank Affiliates which can fully perform the obligations of Bank to the extent assigned
or transferred to such Person or Persons. Bank may utilize the services of any third party in
fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

An assignee under Subsections 12(g)(i) through (iv) above shall assume all obligations in this Agreement of the
assignor. Any such attempted assignment, delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio. Bank may use the services
of any third-party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services
under this Agreement may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, partners, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any
Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party beneficiary of this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

(k) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its Affiliates, the
-20-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
