?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which JMG complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of JMG) to whom JMG has, directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, Activities. ?Subcontractor? includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8.

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j)(1).

?UGAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UGAA.

?UGAA Trademarks? means names, trademarks, service marks, graphics, logos, and other distinctive

indicia of origin of UGAA or Georgia Athletics, as designated, provided, and approved by JMG for use
during the Term.

?University? means the University of Georgia and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated
with, the University of Georgia.

?University Trademarks? means certain of the trademarks, service marks, designs, slogans, trade
names, logotypes, and designations of origin representative of the University of Georgia, as designated,

provided, and approved by JMG for use during the Term. University Trademarks does not include UGAA
Trademarks.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

? the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;

? a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

? any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

. the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

? a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);
? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.
a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to
the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;
