pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly
available such as the fact that such consumers are or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other business entity
or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank and
offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Bank of
America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
Foundation and UNCCAA comply with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service Products
Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade
name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the Term and used
to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program. Program Trademarks may but
need not necessarily consist of one or more UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks, with or without
other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such Person. In
the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof. In the case of a
limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of the
Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as determined by

Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Foundation and UNCCAA
comply with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of Foundation and Affiliate of UNCCAA) to whom
Foundation or UNCCAA has, directly or indirectly, delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any
portion of activities comprising, in whole or in part, Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s performance of its obligations
under this Agreement or in support of the Program. Subcontractor includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(k)(1).
-4-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
