(f)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

in its entirety, without penalty or liability to WFU, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section 10(e), such terminated
program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b)
of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive
the termination of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void. in
each case, as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, WFU agrees that neither WFU nor any WFU Affiliate will, by itself
or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service
Product or a related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
WFU may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were
Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by WFU.
provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a
general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly
identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered
to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

WFU will design and produce. at its expense. all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by WFU, including, but not limited to,
any GIP (?WFU Marketing Effort?). WFU will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to
engaging in any WFU Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by WFU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle WFU to the Royalty for GIP specified
in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, marketing materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which do not contain or
reference such coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any WFU
Marketing Effort. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld. Bank has control over, in
its sole discretion, the scope. timing. content and continuation of any WFU Marketing Effort. In
furtherance of the above, WFU shall immediately discontinue any or all WFU Marketing Efforts
upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. WFU will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any WFU
Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

All reasonable costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to
any WFU Marketing Effort or of supporting any WFU Marketing Effort will be promptly
reimbursed by WFU upon demand.

WFU will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any WFU
Marketing Effort.

Page 10 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
