Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(h}. UCLAAA may not use any
Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UCLAAA shall not register or
attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any UCLAAA
Trademark or Program Trademark that consists of or contains a UCLAAA Trademark. Bank may use
Program Trademarks that contain UCLAAA Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any
products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the Term.
The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) UCLAAA shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints. Within 24 hours of receipt, UCLAAA shall provide Bank with notice of each
Consumer Complaint and all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the
extent within the possession or control of UCLAAA. UCLAAA shall cooperate with and to the extent
reasonably requested, assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) For the avoidance of doubt, UCLAAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance {in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all UCLAAA
Services.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

{a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any UCLAAA Marketing Effort. UCLAAA will have a right of prior written approval of all
advertising, solicitation and promotional materials used in the Program. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on
behalf of UCLAAA.

(c

Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any UCLAAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UCLAAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of UCLAAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it
obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however
that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by
UCLAAA.

(f} Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UCLAAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.9., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,

Final Execution Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Affinity Agreement (2)
