harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and
assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees
and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising
from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case may be, from Bank's use of the GW
Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each
Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the
license or the use of any GW Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, GW represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is GW or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions that apply to all persons and entities ordinarily resident or organized in the relevant
country or territory (?Comprehensive Territorially-based Sanctions?), except as authorized under a
specific or general license issued by the appropriate authorities, or an exemption under the relevant
government regulations. GW represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. GW represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Comprehensive Territorially-based Sanctions, unless authorized by general or specific license, or
permissible under an available exemption, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any
Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to GW with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to GW until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form)
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise
provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify GW in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
GW?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to GW, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in
the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement
as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable

6

ReviseD GW ConTRACT (002),D0cx
