c PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1. $3.00 (three dollars) for each new Premium Reward Account opened when it first becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

3. 0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

4, $100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened when it first becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

D. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to the Deposit Accounts set forth below and shall not
apply to any other Deposit Account. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to PTK on any existing deposit
account that is converted to the Program.

1. $10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking Deposit Account opened under the Program which has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day from the account opening
date.

2. An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking Deposit Account opened under the Program that
has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account

opening date.
E. U. ING GIP INT BONUS
1 For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, PTK will receive an account bonus

(?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) thirty-five thousand dollars ($35,000) if at least three
hundred fifty (350), but less than four hundred (400) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or
Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same
Contract Year, or (ii) forty thousand dollars ($40,000) if four hundred (400) or more GIP Accounts,
Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become
Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same Contract Year.

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a Contract Year, Bank
shall include:

19

Pu THETA Kappa INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY) ES
