(b)

(a)

(b)

(c)

limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership. reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity:

(iv) No consent, approval. or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect:

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

WFU represents and warrants to Bank as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this
Agreement that Bank has the right to use the WFU Trademarks to wind down the Program that it
has the right and power to license WFU Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this
Agreement, and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program.
WFU will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank. and its directors, officers, agents,
employees. Affiliates, successors and assigns. from and against all liability, causes of action, and
claims, and will reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including
reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license of WFU Trademarks
granted herein, or from Bank's use of the WFU Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the use
of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each party will promptly notify the other
party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any WFU
Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

ROYALTIES

During the term of this Agreement. Bank will pay Royalties to WFU. Royalties will not be paid
until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully
completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of
Royalties then due (along with the delivery of Bank?s Royalty report) will be made
approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

The parties agree that as of the Effective Date, Bank will not pay Royalties to WFU for any
Student Credit Card Accounts. however, pursuant to the trademark license and/or sublicense
granted by WFU to Bank pursuant to this Agreement. Bank will have the right to use the WFU
Trademarks on all Financial Service Products offered under the Program during the term of the
Agreement.

If at any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any card network?s interchange
rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since
the Effective Date. has more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including
the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?). then Bank may notify WFU in writing of
Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to
address the Impact. If, within thirty (30) business days after WFU?s receipt of Bank?s notice. the
parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties
and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the
Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty
or liability to WFU, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the

Page 7 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
