?Group incentive Progrom? os ?GIP? means any credit card marketing of program whereby GAA
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing ar other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GLBA" refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.}, as each may be amended from time to time, including the Department of Commerce

International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of

the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, jocal or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission of other governmental authority or instrumentality,

domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal information. .

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection Sete ; 5 Sa
?Marketing List? means an updated and current list {in a format designated by Sank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding vaild postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers

{including area codes) and e-mail addresses of ail Members who are at least eighteen years of age,
segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member or praspective member of a GAA and/or other potential participants.
mutually agreed to by GAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases {in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; {ji) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, or casina gaming chips); and/or {iii) Credit Card Account fees,
costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, jate fees, overlimit fees, annual fees;
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase Int 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and shall be deemed to include Accountholder information; ali of which shali also be deemed the Bank?s
Information. Nonpublic Personal information includes any list, descrigtion, or other grouping of
consumers {and publicly avaitable information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personaily
identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such a5 the fact that such consumers are
Customers.

25

Gen Alumms Assoc of UNC Chapet Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

