premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such
amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance payments.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, and subject to the prior
written approval of ESAUT, Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any
Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?)
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this
Agreement. ESAUT?s approval of the marketing of any Bank Product shall not be approval for any future
marketing of any other Bank Product. However, when using ESAUT?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank
agrees that it shall not market Bank Products (excluding Deposits Offers, as defined below), in direct mail
copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless ESAUT consents to Bank?s use of the
Marketing Lists for such purposes. ESAUT?s consent of Bank?s use of the Marketing List for such purposes
shall not be consent for any future use of the Marketing List for other purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means
any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or
have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade). Bank may maintain separately all
information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in
connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and
shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) ESAUT and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that ESAUT Trademarks
remain in use hereunder, ESAUT represents and warrants to Bank that ESAUT has the right and power to
license ESAUT Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the
Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. ESAUT shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and
assigns, from and against all third-party liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s
costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court
expenses) (collectively, ?Claims?) arising from the license granted herein, from Bank's use of the ESAUT
Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program, provided
that, in each instance, Bank has complied with the terms of this Agreement that govern the use of the

5
