with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to UCIAA. Notwithstanding the above, UCIAA may respond to individual inquiries about the
Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to UCIAA. Any correspondence received by
UCIAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight
courier expenses incurred by UCIAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by
UCIAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) UCIAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UCIAA
Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject UCIAA?s right of approval set
forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to
the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in
Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the UCIAA Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such UCIAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UCIAA shall provide
Bank all UCIAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art)
required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UCIAA?s execution
of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UCIAA from granting to other persons a
license to use the UCIAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the
Effective Date and throughout the Term, UCIAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the
exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing
sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a

UCIAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to

Bank. UCIAA may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank |
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UCIAA shall not (and shall

cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any

Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier

termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within 24 hours of receipt, UCIAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of UCIAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, UCIAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain UCIAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis UCIAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, UCIAA
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing UCIAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not

-8-

Draft - University of California irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28

