Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Throughout the Term PTK shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide PTK Services in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to Bank and

PTK), and Bank?s instruction. The provision of this Subsection 4(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to Foundation. No compensation or payments shall be paid to Foundation
until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed
and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due
shall be made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b

=

If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify PTK in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after PTK?s
receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to PTK, upon 90 days advance
written notice.

6. PROGRAM ADJU: NTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes
to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIAL! RE! N

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent
applicable, its Subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives) prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information shall not be disclosed by such other Person to
any other Person, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
PTK shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial advisors,
marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party disclosing Information of the other Party to its
Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by its Agents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

9

Pui THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY) E&-
