?Association Affiliate? means any Affiliate of The Association, excluding Local A&M Clubs and Constituent
Networks chartered by The Association, which are not considered Affiliates of The Association for the purposes
of this Agreement. The Association represents that as of execution of the Agreement, The Association has no
Association Affiliates.

?Association Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by The Association (including such
services further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?Association Marketing Channels? means digital channels, The Association events and print.

?Association Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of The Association or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by The Association or any

Association Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are authorized or
obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an individual
(including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicates suspicion
of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s personal experience with any aspect
of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program that is
accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank agrees
to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit
accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money market deposit
account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank
agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing regulation,
Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Schedule A, except those
Royalties described in Section A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).
-2-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
