?Association Trademarks? means the specific designs, images, visual representations, logos,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, or trademarks used or acquired by Association or any
Association Affiliate prior to or during the term of this Agreement included in Schedule C.

?Business Credit Card Account? means an open-end business credit account opened pursuant
to the Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument, as
agreed upon by the parties.

?Business GIP Account? means a Business Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in
which Association complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Business Rewards Account? means a Business Credit Card Account carrying a Business
Rewards Enhancement.

?Business Rewards Enhancement? means the travel/merchandise reward Business Credit Card
Account enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of the Program for Business
Rewards Accounts. The Business Rewards Enhancement may be marketed under another name
as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Business Rewards GIP Account? means a Business Rewards Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument. A
?Student Credit Card Account? is a Credit Card Account opened through an application coded
by Bank as a student application

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as checking accounts and checking accounts
with debit card access, included in Schedule A and Section F.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
Agreement, with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant Section
A.4, B.4 and C.4, D.2, E.2 and Section I of Schedule A.

Page 2 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
