and Accountholder Information; and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days all Accountholder Lists
and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or
reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. ESAUT will perform all destruction of Accountholder
Lists and Accountholder Information in accordance with Bank's then current destruction policy; provided
that Bank has previously provided such policy to ESAUT in writing.

(f) ESAUT will notify Bank in writing within one (1) business day of learning of a breach of security or
the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or attempted breach
that could include the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information. ESAUT will cooperate fully with
Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. ESAUT will reimburse Bank for its reasonable
cost of producing and mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the Accountholders
of a security breach. ESAUT will monitor industry-standard information channels (bugtragq, CERT, OEMs,
etc.) for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an
adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that
ESAUT will introduce such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after ESAUT becomes aware of
the security problem. This obligation extends to all devices that comprise ESAUT?s system, e.g.,
application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to all of ESAUT?s
other Information handling practices.

(g) Because the nature of Information regarding Cardholders and Credit Card Accounts makes an
evaluation of damages after a violation of this Agreement impossible, then if ESAUT or its subcontractors
and its and their respective Representatives and Agents including any of its or their respective officers,
directors/members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives uses such information in a
manner that violates this Agreement, Bank will be entitled to, in addition to damages, injunctive relief to
prevent violation or further violation of this Section by ESAUT (or its subcontractors and its and their
respective Representatives and Agents) including their respective Members, employees, volunteers,
agents, or representatives. Nothing in this Section will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing
any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened breach.

(h) The provisions of this Section 13 except for Subsection (a) will survive the expiration or earlier

termination of this Agreement.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

18
