11.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, ISUAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. ISUAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by ISUAA
upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, ISUAA will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) ISUAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on ISUAA?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of ISUAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at ISUAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle ISUAA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. ISUAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, ISUAA will provide Bank with the ability {including
unique login credentials} to access any and all pages within the ISUAA internet site(s), including any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term, ISUAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an ongoing basis the
following Group Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online marketing efforts,
which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits applications and/or Bank inbound application
telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters,
welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not
be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, Member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c}, (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of
notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m.
Central Standard Time on the last day of such Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or ISUAA:

-16-
