oe @ @ PLEASE

2: RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF FIUAA

not INITIAL

(a) FIUAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement it wil the Program

exclusively and that aeither FIUAA neranyFIUAA Afftiate shall/by itself or in conjunction PLEASE
with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals

for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than MBNA America) the Cy
providing of, any Financial Service Products of any organization other than MBNA America; Orr
license or allow others to license the Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial TAL
Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
availableor allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or ?*CePt as*
information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial

Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America. FIUAA agrees that during the term

of this Agreement neither FIUAA nor any other entity. willjsponsor, advertise, or market any _pnot
Financial Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America on the campus of Florida PLEAS
International University. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary,

FIUAA may accept advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement

does not contain an express or implied endorsement by FIUAA of said financial institution or the
advertised Financial Service Product, Furthermore, nothing contained in this Agreement]
shall prevent Florida Internationa University from contracting with any entity for Financial

Service Products and from licensing its lo os&Trademark jn connection thereto.
(b) TUAA agrees to provide MBNA. ?Amenca with such information and assistance as may

be reasonably requested by MBNA America in connection with the Program.

(c) FIUAA authorizes MBNA America to solicit its Members by mail, direct promotion,
advertisements and/or telephone for participation in the Program.
or otherwise make reference to FIUAA
(d) | FIUAA shall have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation PLEASE
materials to be used by MBNA America, which contain FIUAA's Trademar , such approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that MBNA America incurs a cost because
of a change in the Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards), MBNA America may

deduct such costs from Royalties due FIUAA. inthe event such-cosis-exeeed Royalties then due TAL

AA promp

(e) Upon the request of MBNA America, FIUAA shall provide MBNA America with
Mailing Lists free of any charge. In the event that MBNA America incurs a cost because of a
charge assessed by FIUAA or its agents for an initial Mailing List or an update to that list,
MBNA America may deduct such costs from Royalties FIUAA. FIUAA shall provide the
initial Mailing List, containing 5 non-duplicate names
with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers, as soon as
possible but no later than thirty (30) days after FIUAA?s execution of this Agreement.

*required by law or policy of the Florida Board of Regents

3o0f 16
LAWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY.DOC
