ATTACHMENT #2

B. REWARD CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Credit Card Accounts shall only generate the Royalty compensation set forth in this
Schedule B, Section B notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement.

1,

$1.00 (one dollar) for each new Reward Credit Card Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days. This Royalty will not be
paid for any Credit Card Account which, after opening, converts to a Reward
Credit Card Account.

$1.00 (one dollar) for each Reward Credit Card Account for which the annual
fee is paid by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by MBNA America
(other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by MBNA America), then such
royalty will be paid for each Reward Credit Card Account which: 1) hasa
balance greater than zero as of the last business day of the annual anniversary of
the month in which the Reward Credit Card Account was opened; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve months. A Reward
Credit Card Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of
the account.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a consumer Credit Card Account (excluding those
transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions,
and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
money orders, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

D. ROYALTY ADVANCE.

1. Upon full execution of the Addendum, MBNA America shall pay to SLU the sum of one
hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) (the "Advance"), as an advance against Royalties
accruing on and after February 1, 2004, subject to the provisions set forth below. All Royalties
accrued shall, in liew of direct payment to SLU, be applied against the Advance until such time as
the Advance is fully recouped. Any Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to SLU as set forth
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, SLU hereby promises to pay MBNA America
upon demand an amount equal to the difference between the amount of the Advance and the total
amount of accrued Royalties credited by MBNA America against the Advance as of the date of
such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below should

occur:

(i) the Agreement terminates and the amount of the Advance has not been fully recouped

by MBNA America;

(ii) SLU breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement and fails to cure as

provided in the Agreement;
