?UDAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by UDAA (including such
services further delegated to or undertaken by any subcontractor (if any) {including its and their
respective Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program
(including UDAA Marketing Efforts).

?UDAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any
font}, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of
UDAA or its Affiliates and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used
or acquired by UDAA or any UDAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal
Trade Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or
practice under Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531,
as amended.

?University? means University of Delaware and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, University of Delaware, including the athletic department and the office of
student affairs of University of Delaware.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University
during the Term.?

Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules
shall apply:

e the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

e ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated
by the context;

e ?and? is conjunctive only;

e ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

e ?any? means ?any or all?;

e areference to any agreement or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

e areference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section
of or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided
(for example, where a particular Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended
reference);

e areference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any
said Section or paragraph;

e ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import
shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of
this Agreement and not to any particular clause hereof;

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
