respective Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with
Applicable Laws and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, Association Activities
and performance of Association?s duties and obligations hereunder (including Association Activities and
whether undertaken or conducted by or delegated to Association?s Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives). Bank shall have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections.
The Parties shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or
inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. Association shall promptly
remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate
any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result
of such audits, tests or inspections. Association?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly
remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written notice to Association shall be deemed a
material breach by Association of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(I) Association shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to Association Activities for the period of time as instructed in
writing by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a
period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to Association?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with Association Activities. Association will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any
Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within Association?s possession or control (including, if
applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request,
Association shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such
Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
the Term.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of Association or otherwise made
available to Association and requested in writing by Bank, Association will promptly deliver to Bank at
Association? s expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or
audit report covering Association?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a
services organization providing Association Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any
successor organization), reports on any one or more of the IS027000 series of standards (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the IS027000 Directory or any successor
organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization). Association will
not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to
require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) Association acknowledges that Bank has directed Association's attention to 12 C.F.R.
?1026.57(b) and Association has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a), with any use of

-9-
