SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
UCLA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1" day of October, 2016 (the ?Effective Date")
by and between Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A. f/k/a MBNA America
Bank, N.A.), a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank? ), and UCLA Alumni
Association, a California non for profit corporation having its principal place of business in Los Angeles,
California(?UCLAAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UCLAAA and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated October 1, 2005, as the same has been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCLAAA; and

WHEREAS, UCLAAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, UCLAAA
and Bank agree as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

(a) When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases shall have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below or in the section that defines them, whether used in
the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender:

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is utilized by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of the Credit Card Account?s
opening for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a
charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means with respect to a Person any (i) federal, state, and local statutes (including
GLBA, consumer protection laws, fair lending laws, and statutes, rules, regulations, regulatory bulletins
or guidance, or orders relating to or prohibiting UDAP, or UDAAP), regulations, licensing requirements,
regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations, agreements or orders, {ii} regulations, by-laws
and rules of any applicable self-regulatory organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing, in each case applicable to such Person.

Final | xeeution Copy - UCLA Alumni As,oc Second AR Affinity Acrcement (2)
