DocuSign Envelope ID: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. University of Colorado Boulder?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to University of Colorado Boulder shall be deemed a material breach by University of Colorado
Boulder of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period for a period of two years.

{I} University of Colorado Boulder shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank,
in a reasonably accessible location, all records pertaining to University of Colorado Boulder Activities
related to this Agreement for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank with respect to such
records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from the date of creation
or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available for
review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to University of Colorado Boulder?s customers other than
applicants or Customers; and {ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with
University of Colorado Boulder Activities. University of Colorado Boulder will give prior notice to Bank of
requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within University of Colorado Boulder?s
possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives). At Bank?s written request, University of Colorado Boulder shall reasonably cooperate
with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

{m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behaif of University of Colorado Boulder
or otherwise made available to University of Colorado Boulder and requested in writing by Bank,
University of Colorado Boulder will promptly deliver to Bank at University of Colorado Boulder? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering University of Colorado Boulder?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as
a services organization providing University of Colorado Boulder Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type Il
Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute
of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or more of the 15027000 series of standards
{or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the 15027000 Directory or any
successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for
by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization). University
of Colorado Boulder will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their Representatives and
preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering such reports
to Bank.

(n) University of Colorado Boulder acknowledges that Bank has directed University of Colorado
Boulder's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b).

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.
(b) Bank shall design al! advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Communication Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written

approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
University of Colorado Boulder.

-10-
