(d) Bank will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating or
referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by MAA,
University or any MAA Affiliate or University Affiliate to the Members. Such approval will not be
unreasonably withheld. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement: Bank shall have up to
the greater of (i) ninety (90) calendar days from the termination or expiration date or (ii) as soon as
operationally feasible (together, the ?Wind-Down Period?) to: (A) suspend marketing and remove
marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (B) use MAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks, respectively, in connection with existing Credit Card Accounts and those opened during
such ninety (90) day period; and (C) remove MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks from Program
collateral and account materials, such as statements, welcome packages, and card carriers. MAA and
University shall not attempt to cause the removal of MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks from
any person?s credit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of the later to occur (i) the
ninety (90) day period following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement; or (ii) the
conclusion of the Wind-Down Period. Bank shall have the right to use MAA Trademarks and University
Trademarks on such credit devices, chacks and records unti} their normally scheduled reissue date or
exhaustion. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement unti! such date. ish - i i iratt H

termination-of this Agreement

!f Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify MAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after MAA?s receipt of Bank?s
notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to
both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or
liability to MAA, upon 90 days advance written notice, 5

(e

(f} For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earliey termination of this
Agreement for any reason, MAA agrees that neither MAA, University, nor any MAA Affiliate shall, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product
or a related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, MAA may, after
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
Opportunity to participate in another financial service Program endorsed by MAA, provided the
Opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all
Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of
Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions
of this Subsection 41(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to MAA effective as of the date
specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,
however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as
provided below in section 12(f).

12

UNIVERSITY OF Missour! ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy)

