opening the email {i.e., read request receipt, which some recipients might be able to prevent)
or at the time that the sender can demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered
(i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or at such other time as the recipient acknowledges
receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to UICA:
State University of lowa Foundation d/b/a University of lowa Center for Advancement
Levitt Center
100 W Park Road P.O. Box 4550
lowa City, lowa 52244-4550

ATTENTION: ? Lynette Marshall,

President
Facsimile: (319) 335-2520
e-mail: Lynette.Marshall@foriowa.org

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response, provided an alternate form of notice is promptly implemented upon receipt of such
notice or response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, UICA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
information) and operational systems. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

-22-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
