This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction,
validity and performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
the internal Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed
entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would
cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall
be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and
excluded. :

10. GROUP INCENTIVE PROGRAM MARKETING

(a) UDAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any
Group Incentive Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by UDAA,
including any GIP (?UDAA Marketing Effort?). UDAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice
prior to engaging in any UDAA Marketing Effort.

(b)} All GIP marketing materials will be coded by UDAA as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UDAA to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing
materials available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such
coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any
UDAA Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content
and continuation of any UDAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UDAA shall
promptly discontinue any or all UDAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance
with any written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UDAA will not deviate from
the approved materials and plan for any UDAA Marketing Effort without the prior written
approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any
UDAA Marketing Effort or of supporting any UDAA Marketing Effort will be promptly
reimbursed by UDAA upon demand.

{e) With respect to any UDAA Marketing Effort, UDAA will comply with all Applicable Law.

(f} UDAA will advertise all the Financial Service Products offered under the Program on
UDAA?s home page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the
internet site(s) of UDAA as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at UDAA?s expense. Bank
may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application
site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to
apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated
pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UDAA to the GIP compensation
set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. UDAA will
modify or remove such advertisements within one (1) business day of Bank?s request. To

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
