(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the third Contract Year as stated in this Agreement;
(ii) UVAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement,

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least two (2) direct mail campaigns to
the full updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of
the Agreement;

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least one (1) e-mail campaign to the
full updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the
Agreement; and

(v) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at major UVAA events during
each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement.

2. if during any given year(s) during the first three Contract Years Bank recoups all prior Advances paid by it
to UVAA in prior years, and pays UVAA Eligible Royalties accrued by UVAA over and above the Eligible Royalties
used by Bank to recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the amount of
any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

UVAA shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the Advances)
equal to or greater than four hundred fifty thousand dollars ($450,000.00) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by the
end of the third Contract Year, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on the last day of the third Contract
Year, UVAA has not accrued four hundred fifty thousand dollars ($450,000.00) in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay
UVAA an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by UVAA during
the first three Contract Years and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty
Guarantee and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any
of the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, UVAA will receive an account bonus
(?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to seventeen thousand five hundred dollars ($17,500.00) if one
hundred seventy-five (175) or more GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP
Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same Contract Year.

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a Contract Year, Bank
shall include:

it GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that are opened ina
Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the same Contract Year, and

ii. GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that are opened ina
Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the next Contract Year.

3. For clarity, the maximum Qualifying GIP Account Bonus payment for any Contract Year is seventeen

thousand five hundred dollars ($17,500.00). Payments (if any) made under this Section G will be made
on or before one hundred thirty-five (135) days after the end of the applicable Contract Year.

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
