AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT (?Amendment?) is entered into as of this 1st day of February, 2018 (?Amendment
Effective Date?) by and between, Fordham University (?Fordham?) and Bank of America, N.A. (?Bank?,
and collectively with Fordham, ?Party? or ?Parties? ), for themselves and their respective successors and
assigns.

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank are parties to that certain Affinity Credit Card Agreement effective as of
February 1, 2016, as the same may have been amended (?Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of
Fordham; and

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank mutually desire to amend the Agreement as provided for herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein, Fordham
and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Amendment. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

zi Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Subsection (i):

?(l) Fordham acknowledges that Bank has directed Fordham?s attention to 12 C.F.R.
?1026.57(b) and Fordham has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.?

3. Section 5 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Subsection (d):

?(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required
to pay Royalties or any other compensation to Fordham with regard to, as a result of
opening, or based upon any student Credit Card Accounts.?

4. Delete Section 7 in its entirety and insert the foliowing in lieu thereof:
Te CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance
information, proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and
information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the
extent applicable, its subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives, and
collectively with the other Party, ?Recipient? ) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent
to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure.
Information shall be deemed to include information developed, produced or derived from any
of the foregoing. Such information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person,
except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.

Draft - Fordham University Term Ext Amendment (BANA 2017-09-25) (4)
