7. CONFIDENTIALITY

{a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third
parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its
Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be
disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or
as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority
(including UICA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). A Recipient shall be liable for any breach of
the Section by its Agents.

(c) UICA shall keep and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to keep)
all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information, the Accountholder List and Accountholder
Information) confidential and shall not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give
away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer) any such information to
any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses agreed to
in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, UICA shall be liable for any
breach of this Section by its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives. If UICA receives a
request or demand to disclose Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information, the
Accountholder List and Accountholder Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of
competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, UICA
will: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request;
(ii) consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request;
and (iii) if disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to
obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion
of such information to be disclosed that Bank designates.

(d) During the Term and thereafter until UICA and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information UICA will
have, maintain and continually assess (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents to have, maintain and continually assess) an information security program
that is designed to: (i) ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of Information (including use of a
change control process to ensure that access to its systems (and those of its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents) and Information is controlled and recorded); (ii) protect against
any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Information which includes the use of
up-to-date commercially available virus and malicious code detection and protection products; (iii)
protect against unauthorized access to or use of Information that could result in substantial harm or
inconvenience to a Customer or applicant in respect of the Program; and (iv) ensure the proper return of
Information to Bank and/or the proper disposal of Information.

-16-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._-DOCX
