?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable according to this Agreement
including Schedule A-1, which shall exclude GIP Compensation.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), deposit program, or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital
wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing. Financial Service
Product shall exclude:

Any University business card program or business travel card program, in each case solely for
use by employees and/or contractors conducting University business or any University
procurement card purchasing program, solely for use by employees or contractors conducting
University business.

Any financial service program of the University intended solely for University students, faculty
and/or staff, and/or their respective families, and/or University patients, clients, contractors
and/or research participants, including: (w) any credit or loan program (open or closed end),
Operated by the University as the lender/creditor, used for payment for goods or services
provided by the University (including, but not limited to, its hospitals and clinics), (x) any deposit
program associated solely with payroll deductions, (y) the University?s use of pre-loaded cash
cards for remuneration to human subjects of University research projects or for expenses
incurred by students, faculty, staff or contractors on University approved travel, and (z) any
other financial service provided by or through the University that is associated with any
operational aspect of the University.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UICA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GIP Compensation? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A-2.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

-3-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
