(b) GAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) GAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) GAA shail have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a GAA Trademark in Program advertising
and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new
credit cards) because of a change in the GAA Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral
and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due GAA. If such costs exceed
Royalties then due GAA, upon demand GAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, GAA shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that GAA shall not include in
any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that GAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of
eighteen at the time the information was collected. in the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
charge assessed by GAAor its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List,
Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due GAA. If such costs
exceed such payments, upon demand GAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. GAA shall
provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least three hundred thousand
(300,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after GAA?s
execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, GAA represents and warrants that the
Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including but not limited to the
ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) GAA shail, and shall cause any GAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise communicate
(including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's
prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to
GAA. Notwithstanding the above, GAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to GAA. Any correspondence received by GAA that is intended for
Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via
overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by GAA
shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by GAA that are intended for Bank (e.g.
general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will
be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) GAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the GAA Trademarks with the
Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for
the duration of this Agreement. This license shall apply to the GAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such GAA Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor,
corporation, organization, or individual. GAA shall provide Bank all GAA Trademark production
materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than
30 days after GAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits GAA from
granting to other persons a license to use the GAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See a/so Subsection 2(a). As of the
Execution Date and throughout the Term, GAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the

2

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapet Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

