THIS ADDENDUM (the ?Addendum?) is entered into this 1st day of November, 2009 (the ?Addendum
Effective Date?) by and between Florida International University Foundation, Inc. (?FIUF?), and FIA
Card Services, N.A. (?Bank?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

@ ADDENDUM

WHEREAS, FIUF and Bank are parties to an Affinity Agreement dated as of August 24, 1998, as the
same has been amended (the ??Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain
persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of FIUF; and

WHEREAS, FIUF and Bank mutually desire to modify the Agreement as provided for herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein, FIUF
and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum. Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise herein defined are used as defined in the Agreement.

2. Section 1(e) is hereby deleted from the Agreement in its entirety and replaced by the following
new Section 1(e):

(e) ?Mailing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank)
containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available,
telephone numbers (including ar?a codes) and e-mail addresses of (i) alumni of Florida
International University; (ii) members of Florida International University Alumni Association;
(iii) faculty and staff of Florida International University; (iv) season ticket holders to any Florida
International University athletic team; (v) and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to
FIUF and Bank, each of whom are at least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other
mutually selected membership characteristics. As of the Addendum Effective Date, and for the
remainder of the term and any renewal terms, the Mailing List will not contain the names of
students of Florida International University.

3. The parties agree that as of the Addendum Effective Date, and for the remainder of the term and
any renewal terms, Bank will not pay Royalties to FIUF for Student Member Credit Card Accounts.

4. Section 12(f)(2) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following
new Section 12(f)(2):
?(2) If to FIA:

FIA Card Services, N. A.

MS DES5-004-04-02

1100 North King Street

Wilmington, Delaware 19884 -

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Fax #: (302) 432-1821?
5. Section A of Schedule B, as amended by the Term Extension Addendum dated as October 31,
2008 is hereby deleted from the Agreement in its entirety and replaced with the following new Section A:

Page | of 3
CONFIDENTIAL

Florida International University Foundation Inc Addendum to revise student compensation list vl 2009-09-28 jd-ksg
