2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF SLU

(a) SLU agrees that during the term of this Agreement: (i) it will endorse the Program exclusively and
will not sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than MBNA America) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any
organization other than MBNA America; and (ii) it will not license or allow others to license the Trademarks
in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America; and it
will not sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of
its mailing lists or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America. Notwithstanding anything else in this
Agreement to the contrary, SLU may accept advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by SLU of said financial institution or the
advertised Financial Service Product.

(b) SLU agrees to provide MBNA America with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by MBNA America in connection with the Program.

(c) SLU authorizes MBNA America to solicit its Members by mail, direct promotion, advertisements
and/or telephone for participation in the Program.

(d) SLU shall have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials to be
used by MBNA America, which contain SLU's Trademark; such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.

(e) Upon the request of MBNA America, SLU shall provide MBNA America with Mailing Lists free of

any charge. In the event that MBNA America incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by SLU or its agents
for an initial Mailing List or an update to that list, MBNA America may deduct such costs from Royalties due
SLU. The initial Mailing List shall contain at least eighty thousand (80,000) names with corresponding postal
addresses and, when available, telephone numbers.

( SLU shall only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about the Program with MBNA America's prior written approval, except for current advertising and
solicitation materials provided by MBNA America to SLU. Notwithstanding the above, SLU may respond to
individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses
are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by MBNA America to SLU. Any
correspondence received by SLU that is intended for MBNA America (?.g., applications, payments, billing
inquiries, etc.) shall be forwarded to the MBNA America account executive via overnight courier within 24
hours of receipt. All charges incurred for this service will be paid by MBNA America.

(g) SLU hereby grants MBNA America and its affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the
Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Program, including the promotion thereof. This license shall be
transferred upon assignment of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this
Agreement and shall apply to the Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by operation
of law or otherwise to any permitted Successor, corporation, organization or individual. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits SLU from granting to other persons a license to use the Trademarks in conjunction with
the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products.

20f 11
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
