DocuSign Envelope ID: 6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly perform any
of UVAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including the UVAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(I) Upon prior written notice, UVAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s Representatives)
audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of UVAA and Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) with respect to UVAA?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective Representative?s) policies,
procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws and records as they relate to the
Program, Information security, UVAA Activities and performance of UVAA?s duties and obligations hereunder
(including UVAA Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or delegated to UVAA?s Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or
inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or
inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. UVAA shall promptly remediate and
cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found
with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. UVAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of
written notice to UVAA shall be deemed a material breach by UVAA of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(0) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(m) UVAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to UVAA Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank with
respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: {i) a period of 7 years from the date of
creation or the date to which such records relate; or {ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available for
review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to UVAA?s customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii)
deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with UVAA Activities. UVAA will give prior notice to
Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within UVAA?s possession or control
(including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written
request, UVAA shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such
Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(p) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the
Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period.

(n) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of UVAA or otherwise made available to
UVAA and requested in writing by Bank, UVAA will promptly deliver to Bank at UVAA? s expense a copy of
findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering UVAA?s and
Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing UVAA Activities such
as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the
American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of
standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the IS027000 Directory or any
successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization). UVAA will not require,
and will cause its Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further
agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(o) UVAA acknowledges that Bank has directed UVAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b} and UVAA has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

-9-

EX?CUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
