(a)

Trademark, with or without other elements, however Program Trademarks that incorporate an
Association Trademark or University Trademark must adhere to Association and University
Brand Guidelines.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium
Reward GIP Account which remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is
utilized by the Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s,
Reward GIP Account?s or Premium Reward GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase
or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means an incentive benefit as provided through Bank and offered as
part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World
Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.

"University" means Texas A&M University and any office or department directly controlled by
Texas A&M University, including but not limited to the athletic department and the office of
student affairs of Texas A&M University. Texas A&M Sports Properties, LLC, a Texas
Corporation owned by Learfield Communications, Inc. is not considered part of Texas A&M
University for the purposes of this Agreement.

?University Trademarks? means the specific designs, images, visual representations, logos,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, or trademarks used or acquired by the University which
are included in Schedule C,

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF ASSOCIATION

Association agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the Program
exclusively and that neither Association nor any Association Affiliate which is controlled by
Association will, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor,
advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products included in
Schedule A of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others controlled by Association to
license, or use or allow to exist the use by others controlled by Association of the Association
Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service
Products included in Schedule A of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise
make available or allow others controlled by Association to sell, rent or otherwise make
available any of its mailing lists or information about any current or potential Members or its list
of currently enrolled students of University in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service
Products included in Schedule A of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if Association or any
Association Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, Association
shall not, and shall cause Association Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of

Page 4 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
