?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., Bank of America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
NYU complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service
Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more NYUAA Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. In the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as

determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which NYU complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.
?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of NYU) to which a Party has directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who have undertaken all or any portion of its obligations or
activities under this Agreement. ?Subcontractor? includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j)(1).

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

? the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;
? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;
