G

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

Dz.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Premium Reward Account opened when it first becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened when it first becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to the Deposit Accounts set forth below and shall not
apply to any other Deposit Account. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to UVAA on any existing deposit
account that is converted to the Program.

1.

1

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking Deposit Account opened under the Program which has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day from the account opening
date.

An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking Deposit Account opened under the Program that
has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account
opening date.

ROYALTY ADVANCES

Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement and upon each annual anniversary of the

Effective Date in 2017 and 2018, Bank shall pay to UVAA the sum of one hundred fifty thousand dollars
($150,000.00), each, an "Advance", as an advance against future Eligible Royalties, subject to the provisions set
forth below. All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to UVAA, be applied against each of
the Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall
be paid to UVAA as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be
obligated to pay any additional Advances to UVAA hereunder, and (y) UVAA hereby promises to pay Bank upon
demand an amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the
total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such
demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below should occur:

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
