(d) Titles, captions, and headings included herein are for convenience of reference only and are not to
affect the meaning, construction, or interpretation hereof or of any provision hereof.

(e) It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement
is sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by a court of
competent jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any
reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining
provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or affecting the
validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in
such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn, without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any
other jurisdiction,

(f) To be valid for purposes of this Agreement all notices required by this Agreement must be in writing.
Notices shall be deemed given (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery, facsimile or nationally or
internationally recognized overnight or express courier, (ii) 3 business days after mailing by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) at the time that notice of receipt is
generated electronically by the recipient party opening the email (i.e., request a read receipt,
which some recipients might be able to ignore) or at the time that the sender can demonstrate
electronically that the email has been delivered (i.e., request a delivery receipt), or at such
other time as the receiving party acknowledges receipt. To be valid for purposes of this
Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to LSUAA:

LSU Alumni Association
3838 W. Lakeshore Drive
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70808

ATTENTION: ? Mr. Cliff Vannoy
CEO

e-mail: cliff@Istialumni.org
(2) if to Bank:
Bank of America, N.A.
MS DE5-003-01-07
1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884
ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration
Facsimile #: (206) 585-9732 ?
(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be

sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this section shall be presumed properly sent

14

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
