?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card
program, included in Schedule A.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Association
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
Association conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the
Program, and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a
GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format requested by Bank and
mutually agreed upon) containing non-duplicate names including without limitation names of
business owners or authorized officers), with corresponding valid postal addresses of all
Members who are at least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually
selected membership characteristics.

"Member" means (i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of Association, and/or (iii) other
potential participants mutually agreed to by Association and Bank.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.?

?Premium Reward Business Account? means a Business Credit Card Account carrying a
Premium Reward Enhancement.?

?Premium Reward Business GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Business Account
opened pursuant to a GIP in which Association complies with the GIP provisions of the
Agreement.?

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.?

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial
Service Products included in Schedule A that Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to
the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either party (including its
Affiliates) during the term of this Agreement and used to promote or identify products or
services offered by Bank through the Program which are included in Schedule A. Program
Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of an Association Trademark or University

Page 3 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
