12.

Trademarks and University Trademarks in connection with existing Deposit Accounts, Credit Card
Accounts and those opened during such period; and (iii) remove Alumni Association Trademarks and
University Trademarks from Program collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as
statements, welcome packages, and card carriers. Alumni Association shall not attempt to cause the
removal of Alumni Association Trademarks and University Trademarks from any Person?s credit devices,
debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of 90 days immediately following the
expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have the right to use Alumni Association
Trademarks and University Trademarks on such credit devices, debit devices, checks and records until
their normally scheduled reissue date or exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing Alumni Association
Trademarks and University Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify Alumni Association and JMIS in writing of Bank?s desire
to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after Alumni
Association?s and JMIS?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully
executed an addendum that is satisfactory to all Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either
the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or
liability to Alumni Association, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the
event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as
provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the
Agreement that by its express terms are meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the
products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such
program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, Alumni Association agrees that neither Alumni Association nor any Alumni
Association Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of
a Financial Service Product or a related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Alumni Association may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer
persons who were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program
endorsed by Alumni Association, provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons
but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not
directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from
those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, any Party may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to the other Parties
effective as of the date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 12(f).

12
