Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, JMG represents and warrants that neither it
nor its respective (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) are the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is JMG or its respective
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. JMG represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors have, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. JMG represents and warrants that
neither it nor its respective Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use
this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Bank represents and warrants to JMG that as of the Effective Date and through the Term of this
Agreement that it has and will maintain an information security program.

(e) Each Party shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other Party, and its Affiliates,
directors, officers, Agents, Representatives, and employees from and against all third-party claims
arising out of or in connection with the indemnifying Party?s: (i) breach or alleged breach of any
representation, warranty, or obligation under this Agreement; (ii), with respect to Bank, its unauthorized
use of any University Trademark or UGAA Trademark; and/or (iii) negligence or willful misconduct in
connection with this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 4(e) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to JMG with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to JMG until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as
otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify JMG in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
JMG?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to JMG, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in
the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement
as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable
