which do not contain or reference such coding will not be GIP Accounts and not eligible for any GIP
Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any LSUAA Marketing
Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
LSUAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, LSUAA shall immediately discontinue any or all
LSUAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance, LSUAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
LSUAA Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any LSUAA Marketing
Effort or of supporting any LSUAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by LSUAA upon
demand.

(e) LSUAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the
Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any LSUAA Marketing Effort.

(f) LSUAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on LSUAA?s home page, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of LSUAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at LSUAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle LSUAA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. LSUAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, LSUAA will provide Bank with the ability to access
any and all pages within the LSUAA internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the term of this Agreement, LSUAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following LSUAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online
marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s}, which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-
newsletters, welcome kit e-mails; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit
applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be
limited to, publication ads, member directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal
notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

>

Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

11, TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either Bank or LSUAA:

ll.

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
