6.

Fordham?s possession or in the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or
Representative. Fordham will cooperate fully (and cause its subcontractors and its and their
respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully) with Bank to investigate, resolve and
control security incidents. Fordham will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and mailing
any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security breach and will
pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected Customers.
Fordham will monitor {and will cause its subcontractors and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly
identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate
and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that
Fordham will introduce (and cause its subcontractors and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable
after Fordham (or its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives and Agents)
becomes aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise
Fordham?s system (or that of its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives and
Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs
and to all of Fordham?s other Information handling practices.

(g) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.?

Delete Section 8 in its entirety and replace it with the following:

?8, TERM OF AGREEMENT
(a) The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on January 31,
2020 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal
term for successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?: and together with the Initial
Term, the ?Term?), unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least
90 and not more than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.?

This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be

considered an original, and all of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Amendment, contains the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the
matters covered and no other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by
any Party or its employees, officers or agents will be valid and binding.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

Draft - Fordham University Term Ext Amendment (BANA 2017-09-25) (4
