3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any UVAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of UVAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any UVAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UVAA.

Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of UVAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UVAA or any
UVAA Affiliate.

(e

(fF)

Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on
gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-
shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card
Account applications. UVAA shall have approval of the use and appearance of UVAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Section 2(e), but grants Bank the right to use
approved materials at Bank?s discretion, but solely for the Program. Bank will not be required to pay
any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties
or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of UVAA or a UVAA Affiliate
for such gifts or premiums. UVAA waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or agrees to
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party should
refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of
this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UVAA acknowledges and agrees
that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers
(e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with the
promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement, provided that no
such Bank Products use UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks. However, Bank agrees that it shall
not, when using UVAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits
Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation,
unless UVAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means
any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or
have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade). Bank may maintain separately all
information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in
connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files
and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

a

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
