(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its
terms are meant to survive the termination of this Agreement and the rights and
obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered
under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such
program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

UCFF may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. offer persons
who were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program
endorsed by UCFF.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7. 10(c). 10(d), 10(f) and 11(e) will survive the
expiration or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a
waiver of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed
as part of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement is. for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by
any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or
unenforceability will not affect the remainder of this Agreement which will survive and
be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and
the parties hereto shall immediately commence negotiations in good faith to reform this
Agreement to make alternative provisions herein that reflect the intentions and purposes
of the severed provisions in a manner that does not run afoul of the basis for such
unenforceability or invalidity.

All notices relating to this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given (i)
upon receipt by hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business
days after mailing by registered, certified or priority mail with delivery tracking, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will be addressed as follows:
(1) If to UCFF:
University of Central Florida Alumni Association
Administration Building. Room 340

Orlando, Florida 32816

ATTENTION:Mr. Tom Messina,

Page 11 of 20
