Affinity Agreement
Florida State University Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of July 1, 2020 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between

Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and
Florida State University Alumni Association, a Florida nonprofit and Direct Support Organization of Florida State
University, having its principal place of business at 1030 W. Tennessee Street, Tallahassee, Florida 32304
(?Association?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their respective successors
and assigns.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,

Association and Bank agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through C, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common
law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory
examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank from
time to time in the exercise of its reasonable judgment and consistently applied across its US retail
consumer credit card programs. With respect to Association only, Applicable Law also includes any rule,
regulation, by-laws of the University Board of Trustees, the University Alumni Association Board of
Directors, the University Foundation Board of Directors, and the Board of Governors of the State
University System of Florida.
