(fY  FIUAA shall only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or
potential Members about the Program with MBNA America's prior wtitten approval, except for
current advertising and solicitation materials provided by MBNA America to FIUAA.
Notwithstanding the above, FIUAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from
its Members on an individual basis, provided that said Tesponses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by MBNA America to FIUAA. Any correspondence received
by FIUAA that is intended for MBNA America (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries,
etc.) shall be forwarded to the MBNA America account executive via overnight courier within 24
hours of receipt. All charges incurred for this service will be paid by MBNA America.

(g) | FIUAA hereby grants MBNA America and its affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use
the Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Program, including the promotion thereof. This
license shall be transferred upon assignment of this Agreement. This license shall remain in
effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the Trademarks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor,
corporation, organization or individual. FIUAA shall provide MBNA America all Trademark
production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by MBNA America for the Program, as
soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after FIUAA?s execution of this Agreement.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits FIUAA from granting to other persons a license to
use the Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for
any Financial Service Products.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF MBNA AMERICA
SSS WWE ES OF MBNA AMERICA
(a) MBNA America shall design, develop and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) | MBNA America shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with
regard to the Program. MBNA America reserves the right of prior written approval of all
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or related to the Program, which may be
developed by or on behalf of FIUAA.

(c) MBNA America shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program.

(d) MBNA America shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect
to each Customer's account(s) independently of FIUAA.

(e) MBNA America shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement
consistent with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling these Mailing Lists to
use them for any other purpose. MBNA America shall have the sole right to designate Members
on these Mailing Lists to whom promotional material will not be sent. These Mailing Lists are
and shall remain the sole property of FIUAA. However, MBNA America may maintain
separately all information which it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application
for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of MBNA America's own files and
shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that MBNA America will not use this
separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by FIUAA.

4of 16
L:\WORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY DOC
