022/033

03/02/2016 17:08 FAX an U-M_OGC @

(f)

(2)

(h)

that violates this Section, Bank will be entitled to damages from
AAUM of twenty dollars ($20,00) for each use of each category of information (?.g., names,
addresses, efc.) used in violation of this Section, with the amount of damages not to exceed one
($150,000) per breach. In addition, Bank will be entitled to
injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by AAUM and its Members, employees,
volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section, Nothing in this Section will be construed as
Prohibiting Bank from pureuing any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened
reach. .

tructy A thol ist. AAUM will return to Bank each Accountholder
List, in the same form as received by AAUM within thirty (30) days of receipt of such
Accountholder List, On or before the effective date of termination of the Agreement, AAUM
agrees that it will: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all Accountholder Lists
and Accountholder Informatign; and (ii) retum or destroy within thirty (30) days all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and
all fuil or partial copies, or regroductions thereof'in any medium whatsoever. AAUM shall
perform all destruction of Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information in acoordance
with Bank's then current desiruction policy,

j i . AAUM will: (i) notify Bank in writing within
twenty-four hours; and ral re wotly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800)207-2377, Option 1 and tify themselves as a supplier when reporting the incident; in
the event of'a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an
information security breach or|attempted breach that could include the Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information whether in AAUM?s possession or in the possession of an affiliate
employee, volunteer, agent, re representative. AAUM will cooperate fully with Bank to

investigate, resolve and contro! security incidents. AAUM will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the Customer of a
security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to
affected Customers. AAUM will monitor industry-standard information channels for newly
identified system valporabuinet and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate
and timely manner. Unless ise expressly agreed In writing, ?timely? will mean that
AAUM will introduce such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after AAUM
becomes aware of the security problem. This obligation extends to all devices that comprise
AAUM's system, e.g., application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches,
hubs, ?tc., and to all of AAUM!'s other Information handling practices.

of A ation. AAUM has and will maintain throughout the term of this
Agreement and for such time period after the termination of this Agreement as AAUM
possesses, controls or has acces$ to Accountholder Information, an information security program
that is designed to: (i) ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of the Accountholder
Information; (i!) protect againstlany anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of
Accountholder Information; (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of Accountholder
Information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to a Customer; and (iv) ensure
the proper return of Accountholier Information to Bank and/or the proper disposal of
Accountholder Information. AAUM represents and warrants that it is PCI-DSS compliant and
will remain PCI-DSS compliant|for as long as AAUM retains an Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information.

Page 21 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL
