(f)

(a)

Contact Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. provided that Bank shall not
discriminate in any manner or way including to comply with all federal. state and local
laws. These Member Contact Lists are and will remain the sole property of UCFF.
However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information that it obtains as a
result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement:
provided however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would
imply an endorsement by UCFF.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UCFF
acknowledges and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or
services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products,
collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and
that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it
shall not, when using UCFF?s Member Contact Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products
(excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined herein), in direct mail copy. in an e-mail or an
outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless UCFF consents to Bank?s use of the Member
Contact Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits
and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a
connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain
separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an
account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the
Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

UCFF and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective
Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing:

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement:

(iii) | This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms. except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of
equity:

(iv) | No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in

connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect:

Page 7 of 20
