ESAUT Trademarks or Marketing Lists. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of
any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any ESAUT Trademarks or Marketing Lists.
The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) Each Party (the ?Indemnifying Party?) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party,
and each of its officers, directors, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees and employees
(collectively referred to as the ?Indemnified Party?), against and from any and all third-party Claims,
arising out of or in any way connected with (a) any breach by the Indemnifying Party (including a breach
by any of its Representatives) of any representations or warranties or of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement or the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnifying Party (including its
Representatives). The reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Indemnifying Party
under this Subsection 4(c) shall be in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Party may otherwise
have. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(d) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, ESAUT represents and warrants that neither it
nor its subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives, and its and their Agents) is the subject
of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other
relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is ESAUT or its Representatives or
subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions.
ESAUT represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and subcontractors has, or during
the term of this Agreement will, violate any Sanctions. ESAUT represents and warrants that neither it nor
its subcontractors (or its and their respective Representatives, or its and their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person
or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in
any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this
Subsection 4(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to ESAUT.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to ESAUT until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise
provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) To extent permitted by Applicable Law, Bank shall make available quarterly each year a report on
the amount of Royalties owed to or earned by ESAUT and all additional information customarily provided
by Bank in sucha report. Such reports shall be certified by an officer of Bank as to their accuracy; provided,
however, that the reports shall be certified as to their accuracy by the nationally recognized independent
certified public accountants then being utilized by Bank, at ESAUT's expense, if ESAUT so requests such
accountants' certification in writting.

(d) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion

6
