anniversary of the account opening date. Payments will be made approximately forty-five (45)
days after the end of each calendar quarter.

E. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay UDAA an
account bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: {i) $10,000 if at least 100 GIP
Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract
Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts.

2. For clarity, the maximum Qualifying GIP Account Bonus payment for any Contract Year
is $10,000. Payments (if any) made under this Section E will be made within 135 days
following the end of such Contract Year.

3. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank?s
obligation to pay any Qualifying GIP Account Bonus pursuant to this Section E for a given
Contract Year shall be expressly contingent upon the Agreement having been in full
force and effect for an entire twelve-month period during such Contract Year.

F. ROYALTY ADVANCE.

1. Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement and upon each annual
anniversary of the Effective Date in 2019 through 2022 during the Term, Bank shall pay to
UDAA as follows: one hundred ten thousand dollars ($110,000) in 2018, one hundred five
thousand dollars ($105,000) in 2019, one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in 2020, ninety-
five thousand dollars ($95,000} in 2021 and ninety thousand dollars ($90,000) in 2022 (each and
in the aggregate, an ?Advance?), as an advance against future Eligible Royalties, subject to the
provisions set forth below. All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to
UDAA, be applied against the Advance until such time as the Advance is fully recouped. Any
Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to UDAA as set forth in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, UDAA hereby promises to pay Bank upon demand an amount
equal to the difference between the amount of the Advance and the total amount of accrued
Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against the Advance as of the date of such demand, in the
event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (iv) below should occur:

(i) this Agreement expires or terminates and the amount of the Advance has not been fully
recouped by Bank;

(ii) UDAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail
campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month
period during the term of the Agreement; or

(iv) Bank is prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns (e.g., tabling and postering) at
major UDAA events during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of

the Agreement.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
