?A, CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

1. $1.00 (one dollar) for each new Credit Card Account opened, which remains
open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and that is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Credit Card
Account?s opening for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise
disputed.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is
paid by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a
result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each
Credit Card Account that: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Credit Card
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding
twelve (12) months.

3. 0.50% (fifty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Credit Card Account (excluding those
transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions,
and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
person to person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).?

6. Sections D, E, and G.1.vi of Schedule B, as amended by the Term Extension Addendum dated as
October 31, 2008, are hereby deleted from the Agreement in their entireties.

7. Except as amended by this Addendum, all the terms, conditions and covenants of the Agreement
are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any
inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this Addendum.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as amended by this
Addendum, shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its
conflict of laws principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered and no other prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by any party or its
employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding. Certain Financial Service Products or services
under the Agreement may be offered through Bank?s affiliates.

Page 2 of 3
CONFIDENTIAL

Florida International University Foundation Inc Addendum to revise student compensation list v1 2009-09-28 jd-ksg
