Communication sent using e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f}
shall be presumed properly sent notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an
undeliverable notice or similar automated response.

(g} (1) Without the prior written consent of Bank, UDAA will not assign any of its rights
or delegate any of its obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the
Bank?s data (including Information) and operational systems.

(2) Bank will not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of UDAA; provided however, that Bank may
assign or transfer, without consent from or notice to UDAA, its rights and/or obligations under
this Agreement to any Person or Persons:

(i) pursuant to an order of, or reorganization by, any Governmental

Authority, or as provided in Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement

Act of 1989;

(ii) pursuant to a sale or series of related sales as long as such prospective
buyer (or buyers) has (or have) substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as

Bank;

(iii) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially all the
assets of Bank; or,
(iv) which are Bank Affiliates.

(3) Bank may use the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this
Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be
performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each
other. Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as
otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or
benefits upon any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other
Person a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative
or an Affiliate of either Party or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of
a Party or its Affiliates has any rights (including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement.
The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

{j) Each Party recognizes and agrees that the other Party's goodwill and reputation in the
marketplace are valuable and intangible assets; therefore, each Party agrees that it shall not
conduct itself or engage in any activity in a manner that may adversely affect these assets.

(k} Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any
Person which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the
other or any of its Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein,
whether or not the statement is true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
