the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by UICA
or its agents for an initial Member List or an update to the Member List, Bank may deduct such costs
from any payments (including Royalties) then due UICA. If such costs exceed such payments, upon
demand UICA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. UICA shall provide the first Member List,
containing the required information for at least two hundred thousand (200,000) non-duplicate
Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UICA?s execution of this Agreement.
With each delivery to Bank, UICA represents and warrants that the Member List has been prepared in
accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UICA shall, and shall cause any UICA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to UICA. Notwithstanding the above, UICA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to UICA. Any correspondence received by UICA that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by UICA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by UICA that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) UICA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the Licensed
Trademarks solely with the Program and, subject to UICA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on
or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this
Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This
license shall apply to the Licensed Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Licensed
Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or
individual. UICA shall provide Bank all Licensed Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art)
required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after VICA?s execution of
this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits: (i) UICA from granting to other persons a
license to use UICA Trademarks or a sublicense to use University Trademarks in conjunction with the
providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products or (ii) University
from granting to other persons a license to use University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing
of any other service or product, except for a credit card program. See also Subsection 2(a). As of the
Effective Date and throughout the Term, UICA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the
exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Bank acknowledges and agrees
that, except as provided for in this Agreement, Bank does not acquire any right, title, or interest in the
Licensed Trademarks or the Membership Lists by virtue of the licensed use.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
Licensed Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. UICA may not
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to} use any Program
Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the
Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UICA shall not (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

-10-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCK
