DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least two (2)
email campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;
and

(v) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at
major University events during each consecutive twelve (12) month period
during the term of the Agreement.

If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all
prior Advances paid by it to University in prior years, and pays University Eligible
Royalties accrued by University over and above the Eligible Royalties used by Bank to
recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the
amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

EF: ROYALTY GUARANTEE.

University shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of
the Advances) equal to or greater than two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) (the ?Guarantee
Amount?) by July 31, 2021, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on July 31, 2021, University
has not accrued $200,000 in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay University an amount equal to the
Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by University during the initial term of
this Agreement and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee
and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of
the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

I;

For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, University will receive an
account bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) five thousand dollars
($5,000) if at least fifty (50), but less than one hundred (100) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP
Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become
Qualifying GIP Accounts, (ii) ten thousand dollars ($10,000) if at least one hundred
(100), but less than one hundred fifty (150) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or
Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP
Accounts, or (iii) fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) if one hundred fifty or more GIP
Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a
Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts.

For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a
Contract Year, Bank shall include:

i. GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that
are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the same
Contract Year, and

ii. | GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that
are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the next
Contract Year.

Page 18 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
