on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by UBAA of said financial institution
or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(b) UBAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) UBAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) UBAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an UBAA Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the UBAA Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UBAA.
If such costs exceed Royalties then due UBAA, upon demand UBAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UBAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UBAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that UBAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by UBAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due UBAA. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand UBAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, UBAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred thirty-five thousand (135,000) non-duplicate Member names, as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UBAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery
to Bank, UBAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UBAA shall, and shall cause any UBAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to UBAA. Notwithstanding the above, UBAA may respond to individual inquiries about the
Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to UBAA. Any correspondence received by
UBAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight
courier expenses incurred by UBAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by
UBAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) UBAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UBAA
Trademarks with the Program and, subject UBAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in
conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement.
This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall
apply to the UBAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such UBAA Trademarks by operation of
law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UBAA shall

-7-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
