7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information, proprietary
information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third parties
provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its subcontractors
or any of its or their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party, ?Recipient?) prior
to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include information developed,
produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient
to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in
writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates, consultants and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as
necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the
Information as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as
restrictive in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

(c) The Parties shall keep and shall cause their subcontractors and their respective Representatives to keep
all Information (including but not limited to Nonpublic Personal Information) confidential and shall not
make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise
disclose (collectively ?transfer?)(and shall cause their subcontractors and their respective
Representatives not to make or transfer) any Information to any other entity or individual for any
reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses agreed to in writing by the Parties prior to any
such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, UVAA and Bank shall each be liable for any breach of this
Section by their respective subcontractors and their respective Representatives.

(d) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on September 30, 2021
(?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term??),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the
Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be
made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
