and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
person to person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Premium Reward GIP
Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.
Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

Dz. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to the Deposit Accounts set forth below and
shall not apply to any other Deposit Account. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to UHAA on
any existing deposit account that is converted to the Program.

1.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking Deposit Account opened under the Program
which has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90"") day
from the account opening date.

An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking Deposit Account opened under the
Program that has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent
anniversary of the account opening date.

E. ROYALTY ADVANCES.

1.

Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement, Bank shall pay to UHAA
the sum forty thousand dollars ($40,000), and subsequently, on the annual anniversary of
the Effective Date during the initial term of this Agreement in 2015 Bank shall pay to
UHAA the sum of forty-five thousand dollars ($45,000), and in 2016 Bank shall pay to
UHAA the sum of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), and in 2017 Bank shall pay to UHAA
the sum of fifty-five thousand dollars, ($55,000), and in 2018 Bank shall pay to UHAA
the sum of sixty thousand dollars ($60,000) (each, an "Advance"), as an advance against
future Eligible Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth below. All Eligible Royalties
accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to UHAA, be applied against each of the
Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties
accrued thereafter shall be paid to UHAA as set forth in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated to pay any
additional Advances to UHAA hereunder, and (y) UHAA hereby promises to pay Bank
upon demand an amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the
Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by
Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any of the
conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below should occur:

Gi) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in
this Agreement as of the Effective Date;

(ii) | UHAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

Page 17 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

