?GIP? means any activity pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement whereby GUAA makes its Members
aware of the credit card products offered under the Program using one or more of GUAA?s
communication channels.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GUAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA" refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

"?GUAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of GUAA.

?GUAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by GUAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program.

?GUAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of GUAA or its Affiliates

and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by GUAA or any

GUAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means (i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of GUAA, and/or (iii) other potential
participants mutually agreed to by GUAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of

determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: {i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or

-3-
