(a)

(b)

?)

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.
?UNCCAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UNCCAA.

?UNCCAA Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by UNCCAA or any
UNCCAA Affiliate prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

"University" means The University of North Carolina at Charlotte and any office or department
of, or affiliated or associated with, The University of North Carolina at Charlotte, including but
not limited to the athletic department and the office of student affairs of The University of North
Carolina at Charlotte.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the term of this
Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF FOUNDATION AND UNCCAA

Foundation and UNCCAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the
Program exclusively and that neither Foundation and UNCCAA nor any Foundation Affiliate
and UNCCAA Affiliate will, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University,
directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs
offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or
allow to exist the use by others of the UNCAA Trademarks or University Trademark in relation
to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell,
rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of
its mailing lists or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if
Foundation and UNCCAA or any Foundation Affiliate and UNCCAA Affiliate sell any product
or service, in connection with such sales, Foundation and UNCCAA shall not, and shall cause
Foundation Affiliates and UNCCAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of
payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, Foundation and UNCCAA may
accept print advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not
contain an express or implied endorsement by Foundation and UNCCAA of said financial
institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

Foundation and UNCCAA agree to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may
be reasonably requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

Foundation and UNCCAA authorize Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion,
internet, email, advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means for participation
in the Program.

Page 4 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
