be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

{v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shal! not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that ISUAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks permissibly remain in use hereunder, ISUAA represents and warrants to Bank
that ISUAA has the right and power to license ISUAA Trademarks and sublicense the University
Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to
Bank for the promotion of the Program. ISUAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its
Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in
connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license
or sublicense granted herein, as the case may be, from Bank's use of the ISUAA Trademarks and
University Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the
Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints
relating to the license or the use of any ISUAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists.
The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, ISUAA represents and warrants that to its
actual knowledge neither it nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their
Agents) is the subject of any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
?Sanctions? ), nor is ISUAA or its Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident ina
country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. ISUAA represents and warrants that neither it nor
its Representatives and Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. ISUAA
represents and warrants that neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or
their Agents) will use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any
activities with any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is
the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions.
The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to ISUAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to ISUAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as

-12-
