(200,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after USCAA?s
execution of this Agreement. USCAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List will be prepared in
accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) USCAA shall only provide information to or otherwise communicate (including chat and social
media) with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval,
except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to USCAA. Notwithstanding
the above, USCAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an
individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current
materials provided by Bank to USCAA. Any correspondence received by USCAA that is intended for Bank
(e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via
overnight courier within one Business Day of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred
by USCAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by USCAA that are intended for
Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) Subject to USCAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), USCAA hereby grants Bank and its
Affiliates a: (i) limited, exclusive license to use the USCAA Trademarks in relation to all Financial Service
Products in conjunction with the Program and (ii) a limited, non-exclusive sublicense to use the
University Trademarks with the Program in conjunction with credit card or debit card Financial Service
Products only. Bank shall have no right to use the USCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on any
premiums (e.g., on tee shirts, bobble heads, towels, or other tangible ?giveaway? items). All credit cards,
debit cards and checks issued under the Program shall bear the USCAA Trademarks. This license
transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as
provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the USCAA Trademarks and University
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such USCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual.
USCAA shall provide Bank all USCAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
USCAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits USCAA from granting
to other persons a license to use the USCAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other
service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective
Date and throughout the Term, USCAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the right to
grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein, in no event shall Bank have any license or other right, title or interest in the Athletic Trademarks,
and the use of all Athletic Trademarks by Bank is strictly prohibited.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
USCAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank. USCAA may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent permitted by this Agreement. USCAA shall not (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any USCAA Trademark or University
Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain USCAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through
the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the Term or as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
