prepaid by nationally or internationally recognized overnight or express courier or service; (iii) 3
business days after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or
(iv) at the time that notice of receipt is generated electronically as a result of the recipient
opening the email (i.e., read request receipt, which some recipients might be able to prevent)
or at the time that the sender can demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered
(i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or at such other time as the recipient acknowledges
receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) ?If to WFU:

Wake Forest University
P.O. Box 7277
Winston-Salem, NC 27109

ATTENTION: Ms. Laura F. Davis
Executive Director, Finance & Operations, WFU Advancement

Facsimile: N/A
e-mail: davislf@wfu.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of the other Party, neither Party will assign any of its rights or
delegate any of its obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data
(including Information) or grant access to Bank?s operational systems. Any such attempted assignment,
delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank may assign any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior consent of WFU to any Person or Persons:

(i) pursuant to order of, or reorganization by any Governmental Authority or as provided
by FIRREA;

-20-

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
