SCHEDULE A

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay UHAA a Royalty calculated as follows for those
accounts with active charging privileges. For clarity, Royalties will not be paid for Student Credit Card
Accounts. All Royalty payments due hereunder are subject to adjustment by Bank for any prior
overpayment of Royalties by Bank:

A. CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Credit Card Account opened, which remains open for
at least ninety (90) consecutive days and that is utilized by the Customer within the first
ninety (90) consecutive days of the Credit Card Account?s opening for at least one (1)
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back
request, or otherwise disputed.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid by the
Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy
waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each Credit Card Account that: 1)
has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after
the opening of that Credit Card Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for
each of the preceding twelve (12) months.

0.50% (fifty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by
Customers using a Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions that (1) relate to
refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent
transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, person to person money transfers, bets,
lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each GIP Account opened, which remains open for at
least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer within the first
ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase
or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back
request, or otherwise disputed. Such GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other
opening-of-an-account Royalty.

B. REWARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other
form of Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Reward Accounts.

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Reward Account opened, which remains open for at
least ninety (90) consecutive days and that is utilized by the Customer within the first
ninety (90) consecutive days of the Reward Account?s opening for at least one (1)
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back

Page 15 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

