void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties
or any other compensation to Foundation and UNCCAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any

student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and features
(including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information, proprietary
information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information, audit and information technology
information, and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the
extent applicable, their Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the
other Party, ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be disclosed
by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed
in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, confidential information shall not include any information that is
public by operation of Applicable Law, including, if applicable the NC Public Records Act.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information: (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as confidential,
or (ii) as required by Applicable Law (including, if applicable, the NC Public Records Act) or requested by any
Governmental Authority (including Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

(c) The Parties shall keep (and shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to
keep) all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information) confidential and shall not make any copies of
any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively
?transfer?) (and shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer)
any such information to any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement, for
Bank?s administration of the Program, or for uses agreed to in writing. For the avoidance of doubt, Foundation
and UNCCAA shall be liable for any breach of this Section by their Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives. If a Party receives a request or demand to disclose Information (including Nonpublic Personal
Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative
agency or legislative body or committee, the Party will (with respect to Bank, only to the extent not inconsistent
with Applicable Law or instruction from Governmental Authority): (i) immediately notify the other Party of the
existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request; (ii) consult with the other Party on the
advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such
information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of such information to be disclosed that
the other Party designates.

-13-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
