03/02/2018 18:57 FAX nag

SECO)

ALUMNI ASSOC
AND REGE

U-M_OGC 002/033

IND AMENDED AND RESTATED

AFFINITY AGREEMENT

TION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
S OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1" day of July, 2015 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between

Bank of America, N.A. (as successor

to merger with FLA Card Services, N.A.), a national banking

association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), the Alumni Association of the
University of Michigan, a Michigan non-profit corporation having its principal place of business in Ann
Arbor, Michigan (?AAUM"), and sreon of the University of Michigan on behalf of itself and all

of its campuses, a constitutional corp
business in Ann Arbor, Michigan (?
assigns.

WHEREAS, AAUM, Univ.
Affinity Agreement entered into as 0:
Agreement"), wherein Bank provide!
lists provided to Bank by or on behal

WHEREAS, AAUM, Univer:
Agreement.

ration and an educational institution having its principal place of
miversity?), for themselves and their respective successors and

ity and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated
July 1, 2003, as the same has been amended (?Original
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain
of AAUM; and

ity, and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
AAUM, University and Bank agree a8 follows:

1, DEBINITIONS

(a) When used in this Agreemen
the meanings ascribed to them as set
plural or singular, in any tense or part

the following initially capitalized words and phrases shall have ~
rth below or in the section that defines them, whether used in the
of speech, and regardless of gender:

?AAUM Affiliate? means any Affiliate of AAUM. For clarity, this specifically does not include
University for all purposes related to this Agreement.

?AAUM Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by AAUM or any
AAUM Affiliate prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

?Accountholder Informatio
under the Program (?Account

?Accountholder List? means

means any information relating to Customers or their account
older?), the Bank, or the Program.

list of Accountholder Information that Bank may furnish to

AAUM solely for the purposes of this Agreement. ?Accountholder List? includes any whole or

partial copies or compilations

bf an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any

information derived solely from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common contro! with such entity or
otganization. The term ?contrplling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means

Page 1 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

