existing as of the day immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have
the right to use Association Trademarks and University Trademarks on such credit devices, debit devices, checks
and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing The
Association Trademarks and University Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in Bank?s
sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify The Association in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of
the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after The Association?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both Parties, Bank
shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in
its entirety, without penalty or liability to The Association, upon 90 days advance written notice. To the extent
not inconsistent with Applicable Law or Governmental Authority, any Eligible Royalties already earned by The
Association at the time of termination must be paid to The Association by Bank within 45 days of the end of the
calendar quarter in which termination in accordance with this Section 11(e) occurs. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as
provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the
Agreement that by its express terms are meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products
offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a
termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for
any reason, The Association agrees that neither The Association nor any The Association Affiliate shall, by itself
or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, The Association may, immediately
after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by The Association, provided the
opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all
Members and provided further that persons are not identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or
incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to The Association effective as of the date
specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, each Party, but for Bank only to
the extent as permitted by Applicable Law or by Governmental Authority, agrees that it shall (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems
all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy within 30 days all such Information
that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium
whatsoever. Each Party shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to) destroy
all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current destruction policy. The Association shall have the right to
retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent required by Applicable Law provided that such retention
is in accordance with and continues to be subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. The Association
shall promptly certify its compliance with these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this
Subsection 11(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

-17-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
