Exhibit 1
Defined terms and Rules of Interpretation

Defined Terms. For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, the
following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any
tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in

the context of their use.

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer, a Credit Card Account, the
Bank, or the Program that Bank furnishes or causes to be furnished to GAA.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information. Accountholder List includes any whole
or partial copies or compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information
derived solely from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Agreement? means this agreement, Exhibit 1, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law, ordinance, statute,
treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory examinations, licensing
requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of self-regulatory
organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard,
American Express or other card network; and, (iv) orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of,
or agreements with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding
upon, a Party or to which such Party is subject.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behaif of a
consumer (including a Member and Customer) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicate
suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable entity related to a consumer's personal experience
with any aspect of bank products, policies or services including the Program.

"Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

23

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapet Hilt Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
