(e) During the Term and thereafter until UICA and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s information UICA will
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in
writing within twenty four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free number provided by Bank from time to time) in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include Information, whether in UICA?s possession or in
the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. UICA will cooperate
fully (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully)
with Bank to investigate, resolve, and control security incidents that may relate to Information provided
to UICA. UICA will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable
Law that informs the Customer of a security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or
other remedy that is provided to affected Customers. VICA will monitor (and will cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard
information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security
problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will
mean that UICA will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after UICA (or its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security
problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise UICA?s system (or that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application software,
databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of UICA?s other Information handling
practices.

(f} The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on December
31, 2025 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shail automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive one-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term??),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of
the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

-17-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF JOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
