(f) Return or Destruction of Accountholder List. Fordham will return to Bank each Accountholder List, in the
same form as received by Fordham within thirty (30) days of receipt of such Accountholder List. On or
before the effective date of termination of the Agreement, Fordham agrees that it will: (i) promptly
destroy and purge from all its systems all Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information; and (ii)
return or destroy within thirty (30) days all Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in
tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium
whatsoever. Fordham shall perform all destruction of Accountholder Lists and Accountholder
Information in accordance with Bank's then current destruction policy.

(g) Notification and Treatment of Security Breach. Fordham will: (i) notify Bank in writing within one
business day; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at (800)207-2377,
Option 1 and identify themselves as a supplier when reporting the incident, in the event of a breach of
security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or
attempted breach that could include the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information whether in
Fordham?s possession or in the possession of an Affiliate employee, volunteer, agent, and/or
Representative. Fordham will cooperate fully with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security
incidents. Fordham will monitor industry-standard information channels for newly identified system
vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner.
Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that Fordham will introduce such fix or
patch as soon as commercially reasonable after Fordham become aware of the security problem. This
obligation extends to all devices that comprise Fordham?s systems, e.g., application software, databases,
servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to all of Fordham?s other Information handling
practices,

(h

Security of Accountholder Information. Fordham has and will maintain throughout the term of this
Agreement and for such time period after the termination of this Agreement as Fordham possesses,
controls or has access to Accountholder Information, an information security program that is designed
to: (i) protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the Accountholder Information; (ii) protect
against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Accountholder Information; (iii)
protect against unauthorized access to or use of Accountholder Information that could result in
substantial harm or inconvenience to a Customer; and (iv) provide for the proper return of
Accountholder Information to Bank and/or the proper disposal of Accountholder Information. Fordham
represents and warrants that it is PCI-DSS compliant and will remain PCI-DSS compliant for as long as
Fordham retains an Accountholder List or Accountholder Information.

(i) This Section 13 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

20
FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)

