Notwithstanding the above, UVAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to UVAA. Any correspondence received by UVAA that is intended
for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by UVAA shall be paid by Bank.

(h

UVAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited license to use UVAA Trademarks and/or University
Trademarks solely for the Program and during the Term. This license shall be exclusive with respect to
Financial Service Products during the Term, except as otherwise provided for in Subsection 2(b) above.
This license may be transferred by Bank only to its permitted assignee of this Agreement, if any. This
license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to UVAA Trademarks
and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such UVAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or
individual. UVAA shall provide Bank all UVAA Trademark and University Trademarks production
materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than
30 days after UVAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UVAA
from granting to other persons a license to use UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products, except as otherwise provided for in Subsection 2(b) above. UVAA Trademark and University
Trademark production materials shall be promptly returned to UVAA upon the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement and all copies of such production materials shall be destroyed by Bank.
UVAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank that it has the exclusive right to grant such license to
the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a UVAA
Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank
and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(i). The
Parties may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services
offered by Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UVAA shall
not register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to
register any UVAA Trademark or University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain
UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or
services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the Term. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) UVAA shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints received by UVAA, any UVAA Affiliate and Virginia Sports Properties. Within 24
hours of receipt, UVAA shall provide Bank with notice of each Consumer Complaint and all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of UVAA. UVAA shall cooperate with and to the extent reasonably requested, assist Bank in the
resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

as

For the avoidance of doubt, UVAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all UVAA
Services.

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
