other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of ISUAA, and Bank shall not sell or rent, or allow others to sell rent, the Marketing Lists,
mailing lists or any other information about any current or potential Member. However, Bank may
maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or
an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not
be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by ISUAA.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law and this Agreement, Bank has the right to place ISUAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items,
including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of
Credit Card Account applications, ISUAA will have approval rights of the use and appearance of the
ISUAA Trademarks or University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but
grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank shall use vendors licensed by
ISUTLO to produce or manufacture such gifts and premiums. Bank may deduct documented payments
made to such licensed vendors from all Royalties and/or Advance payments otherwise due under this
Agreement.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, ISUAA acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers that are not otherwise offered in the Program and which do not bear any ISUAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank
Products?) contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not
subject to this Agreement. However, when using ISUAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that
it shall not market Bank Products (excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an
e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless ISUAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing
Lists for such purposes. ?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and
all other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking
and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

(h) So long as the Agreement remains in effect under the terms in effect, during the Term of this
Agreement, Bank shall provide such information and assistance to Dataline Systems, Inc. as is reasonably
necessary to facilitate the automatic billing of SUAA membership dues to applicable Customers?
respective Credit Card Accounts.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) ISUAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
{ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may

-11-
