DocuSign Envelope ID: 6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
so narrowly drawn, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(f) All notices required by this Agreement must be given in writing in order to be valid. Notices shall be
deemed given: (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery or facsimile; (ii) 1 business day after sending prepaid by
nationally or internationally recognized overnight or express courier or service; (iii) 3 business days after mailing
by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (iv) at the time that notice of
receipt is generated electronically as a result of the recipient opening the email (i.e., read request
receipt, which some recipients might be able to prevent) or at the time that the sender can
demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered (i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or
at such other time as the recipient acknowledges receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all
notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to UVAA:

Alumni Association of the University of Virginia
211 Emmet Street South
Charlottesville, Virginia 22903

ATTENTION: Lily West,
President and CEO

facsimile: 434-243-9080
e-mail: lew3je@virginia.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: = Contract Administration
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be sent by
giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using e-mail properly
addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent notwithstanding the receipt
by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, UVAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their) obligations under or
arising from this Agreement (including access to the Bank?s data (including Information)) or grant access to
Bank?s operational systems. Any such attempted assignment, delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio. Bank
may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial
Service Products or services under this Agreement may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s
Affiliates.

-18-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
