10.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) Alumni Association will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to
any Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by Alumni Association, including
any GIP (?Alumni Association Marketing Effort?). Alumni Association will give Bank sixty (60) days prior
notice prior to engaging in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by Alumni Association as instructed by Bank for
tracking purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle Alumni Association to the
Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Alumni
Association Marketing Effort. in conjunction with prior approval of Bank, Bank has control over, in its
sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any Alumni Association Marketing Effort.
In furtherance of the above, Alumni Association shall immediately discontinue any or all Alumni
Association Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. Alumni Association will not deviate from the approved materials and
plan for any Alumni Association Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Alumni
Association Marketing Effort or of supporting any Alumni Association Marketing Effort will be promptly
reimbursed by Alumni Association within 30 days of written notice by Bank evidencing such costs.

(e) With respect to any Alumni Association Marketing Effort, Alumni Association will comply with all
Applicable Law and training.

{f) Alumni Association will advertise all the products offered under the Program on Alumni
Association?s home page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet
site(s) of Alumni Association as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at Alumni Association?s
expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an
application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to
apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to
such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle Alumni Association to the GIP compensation set forth
in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Alumni Association will
modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank
to view all Program material, Alumni Association will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all
pages within the Alumni Association internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other restricted
access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the term of this Agreement, Alumni Association agrees to conduct on its own, at its
expense and on an ongoing basis the following Alumni Association Marketing Efforts for Deposits
offered under the Program: (i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank
Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not
be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii)
offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads, magazine

10

