FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGRE!

?Fordham Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Fordham Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by Fordham (including such
services further delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in
furtherance of the Program (including Fordham Marketing Efforts).

?Fordham Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by Fordham or any Fordham Affiliate
prior to or during the Term.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Fordham complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby Fordham
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority
includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent

jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members other than Student Members who are at

least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership
characteristics.

?Member? means a member or prospective member of Fordham and/or other potential participants

mutually agreed to by Fordham and Bank. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of ?Member? does
not include Students.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time, the aggregate net retail purchase transactions (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, but excluding (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns

Py

3
EMENT (EXECUTION Copy)

