Washington, DC 20057

ATTENTION: Ms. Julia Farr
e-mail : julia.farr@georgetown.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g} Without the prior written consent of Bank, GUAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) and operational systems. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Bank may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of GUAA, which will not be unreasonably withheld;
provided, however, that Bank may assign or transfer without consent its rights and/or obligations: (i)
pursuant to order of, or reorganization by, any Governmental Authority; (ii) to any individual,
corporation, or other entity (other than an Affiliate of Bank) pursuant to a sale (other than a sale as
described in (iii) below as long as such prospective buyer has substantially similar customer satisfaction
standards as Bank; (iii) to any individual, corporation, or other entity (other than an Affiliate or Bank)
Pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Bank; or (iv) to
any Affiliate of Bank. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be
performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

{j) GUAA recognizes and agrees that Bank's goodwill and reputation in the marketplace are
valuable and intangible assets; therefore, GUAA agrees that it shall not conduct itself or engage in any

-19-
