portable document format, the Agreement shall be treated in all manner and respects as having an
original signature (or counterpart thereof} and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects
as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of a Party, each other
Party hereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall
raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic signature or electronic transmission in portable document
format or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of facsimile
machine or electronic transmission in portable document format as a defense to this Agreement and
each such Person forever waives any such defense. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(m) This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the Parties hereto and their respective counsel.
No provision, Section or Subsection of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or
against either Party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the draftsman, or
any similar doctrine.

({n) UCLAAA agrees to submit to and cooperate with (and to cause each UCLAAA Affiliate (and its and their
respective Representatives) to submit to and cooperate with) any Governmental Authority with
jurisdiction over Bank, including but not limited to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, in connection with any examination or other supervisory
activity by such Governmental Authority. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(o) Neither any submission of this document by one Party to the other, nor any correspondence or other
communications between the Parties in connection therewith, is intended or shall be deemed to
constitute an offer of any kind or to create any obligations between the Parties unless and until one or
more duplicates of this document has been fully executed and delivered between the Parties hereto,
whereupon this document shall become the binding Agreement. Accordingly, any such submission or
communications or correspondence between the Parties or their respective agents or attorneys is
intended only as non-binding discussions, and either Party shall have the absolute right to withdraw from
such discussions at any time without any liability whatsoever to the other Party.

(p) Each Party hereto acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this agreement
or any related agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such
Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such Party may have to a trial by jury with
respect to any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this agreement or any related
agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this agreement or any related agreement. Each Party
hereto certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or attorney of any other Party has
represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) such Party understands and has considered the implications of this
waiver, (c) such Party makes this waiver voluntarily, and (d) such Party has been induced to enter into
this agreement and each related agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and
certifications In this Subsection. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

=

(q) Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or
reserved to either Party (including any termination pursuant to Section 11) is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and each and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to
any other right or remedy under this Agreement, or under law or regulation, whether now or hereafter

existing.

Final Pxecuton Copy - UCLA Alum Assoc Second AR Affinity Acreemen, (2)
