exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing
sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a GAA
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. GAA may not (and shall
cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program
Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the
Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. GAA shall not (and shall cause its
subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection (h) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) (1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain GAA Activities conducted in furtherance of the Program
(?Training?). \nitially and on an annual basis GAA shall and shall cause its subcontractors and its and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, GAA shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing GAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by GAA, such subcontractor (and its and their respective Representatives), as the case may
be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, GAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its subcontractors and its
and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations,
responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing.
GAA grants (and to cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank
the right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of GAA, its subcontractors (and its and
their respective Representatives).

(3) GAA shall, and shall cause its subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives) to
provide GAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law,
the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. GAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all GAA Activities, whether performed by GAA or any subcontractor
(including its and their respective Representatives). GAA shail be liable to Bank as provided herein for
any act or omission of its subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives) in connection
with the performance of any obligation under this Agreement, including but not limited to the GAA
Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shail survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(j) Upon prior written notice, GAA shall permit Bank and shail cause its subcontractors (and its and their
respective Representatives) to permit (and cooperate with) Bank?s (including Bank?s Representatives)
audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of GAA and subcontractors (and its and their
respective Representatives) with respect to GAA?s and its subcontractor?s (and its and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, GAA Activities and performance of
GAA's duties and obligations hereunder (including GAA Activities and whether undertaken or conducted
by or delegated to GAA?s subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have
the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shail mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. GAA shall promptly remediate and cause its subcontractors
(and its and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect

3

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
