13. |. ACCOUNTHOLDER LIST

(a) Furnishing the Accountholder List. Unless a notice of termination has been given by either party,
Bank will, as agreed to by the parties from time to time, furnish an Accountholder List (?.g.,
name and address of Accountholders) to UAAA. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall
Bank be required under this Agreement to provide UAAA with any information other than
certain information concerning Credit Card Accounts or Customers with a Credit Card Account
in accordance with the terms of this Section 13. Notwithstanding any provision of the
Agreement, Bank will not furnish any Accountholder List or Accountholder Information
otherwise required to be provided by it to UAAA, and may restrict any use by UAAA of any
Accountholder List or Accountholder Information that is furnished by Bank to UAAA, if Bank is
prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of any law, regulation, bank-
wide privacy policy, public privacy pledge, court order, rule, consent decree, or individual
present or former Accountholder request, or if furnishing the Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information or its intended use would create an additional regulatory compliance
burden on Bank.

(b) Permitted Use of Accountholder List. UAAA shall not use the Accountholder List for any
purpose not expressly permitted by Bank in this Agreement or in a separate writing. UAAA will
comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and court orders or rulings applicable to
UAAA in its use of the Accountholder List and Accountholder Information. UAAA agrees to
secure the Accountholder List in accordance with the requirements of this Section and Bank?s
instructions, as communicated by Bank to UAAA from time to time. UAAA will only permit
access to the Accountholder List to those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives
of UAAA who need such access to perform their duties relating to this Agreement. UAAA shall
instruct all those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives who work with any
Accountholder List of UAAA?s duties and limitations under this Agreement.

(c) No Transfer of Accountholder List. All Accountholder Lists are confidential and remain the sole
property of Bank even when in UAAA?s possession. UAAA will keep all Accountholder Lists
confidential and will not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away,
barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer??) any Accountholder List to
any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or unless
agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. If UAAA receives a request or demand
to disclose an Accountholder List pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of competent
jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, UAAA
shall: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such
request; (ii) consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or
narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Accountholder List is required or deemed
advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Accountholder List to be disclosed that Bank
designates.

(d) Detection of Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List. Any Accountholder List furnished to
UAAA may contain dummy information (e.g., names, account information, addresses, etc,
unknown to UAAA.) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an Accountholder List. A
violation of this Section is conclusively proven and the relief specified below will be deemed
owed when Bank establishes the following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy information
on the list (e.g., name(s), account information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy information

14

Tue,17 Feb 2015 7:00:53
