AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
THE ASSOCIATION OF FORMER STUDENTS OF TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY

This Agreement is effective as of this 30% day of April, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between FIA
Card Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business in
Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and The Association of Former Students of Texas A&M University, a
non-profit corporation having its principal place of business in College Station, Texas (the
?Association??), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, Association and Bank are parties to that certain Mailing List Licensing Agreement
dated January 25, 2004, as amended, and a Trademark Licensing Agreement dated February 1, 2004, as
amended (the ?Mailing List Agreement? and ?Trademark Agreement? respectively, and together, the
?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons included in
certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of Association; and

WHEREAS, Association and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
Association and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. Local A&M Clubs and Constituent Networks chartered by Association are not
considered affiliates for the purposes of this Agreement.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through D.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Association Affiliate? means any Affiliate of Association. Local A&M Clubs and Constituent
Networks are not considered Association Affiliates for the purposes of this Agreement.

Page 1 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
