. any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be due on
the first Business Day thereafter;

. References to money or dollar amounts (?S$?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise specified;

? A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

? accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles;

? terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning, and those

terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall be interpreted in
accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other business contexts; and,

? when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or
step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be
excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF GW

(a) GW agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither GW nor any
GW Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) endorse, sponsor, advertise,
aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank)
the providing of, any Financial Service Products (or the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other
than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the GW Trademarks in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or
otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists,
mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if GW or any GW Affiliate sells any product
or service, in connection with such sales, GW shall not, and shall cause GW Affiliates not to, favor any payment
product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, GW may accept print or on-line (including Wi-
Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an
express or implied endorsement by GW of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(b) GW agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) GW authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) GW shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a GW Trademark in Program advertising
and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If GW makes a change to a GW Trademark and Bank is unable to
use up any inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank will determine the costs (e.g., the cost of reissuing
new credit cards) of such change and seek GW?s prior written approval to incur such cost. If GW approves such
cost, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due GW. If such costs exceed Royalties then due GW, upon
demand GW shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. If GW does not approve such cost(s), Bank may
refuse to make the changes to collateral and similar materials.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, GW shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that GW shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that
GW not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the
information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by GW or its agents

-6-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
