administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental?authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age,
segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member of BAA and/or other potential
participants mutually agreed to by BAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, or casino gaming chips); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account fees, costs and
charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees, returned check,
cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges, non-product or
service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1) ;
all of which shall also be deemed the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any
list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them)
that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such
as the fact that such consumers are Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each word in the preamble.

"Person" means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision

thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

23

DraFT - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI Assoc THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)

