permitting or suffering modifications to any of the foregoing for notices given. For the avoidance of doubt,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, Bank?s receipt of notice as referred to immediately
above (when given or received) shall not be construed as a novation or other release as to Foundation?s and
UNCCAA?s performance of its obligations hereunder or indemnification. The provisions of this Subsection 2(j)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of 6 months.

(k)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable Law as
applied to Bank concerning certain Foundation and UNCCAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to
the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis Foundation and UNCCAA shall and shall cause their
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s
request, Foundation and UNCCAA shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to cease performing Foundation and UNCCAA Activities if Training, as initially or
periodically required thereafter, is not completed by Foundation and UNCCAA, such Subcontractor (and their
respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, Foundation and UNCCAA agree to affirm (and to cause their
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations,
responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing.

Foundation and UNCCAA grant (and to cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant)
Bank the right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of Foundation and UNCCAA, their
Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives).

(3) Foundation and UNCCAA shall, and shall cause their Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to provide Foundation and UNCCAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. Foundation and UNCCAA shall
be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely performance of all Foundation and UNCCAA
Activities, whether performed by Foundation and UNCCAA or any Subcontractor (including their respective
Representatives). Subject to any limitations provided for in Applicable Law (including but not limited to the
North Carolina Tort Claims Act (N.C.G.S. ? 143-291 et seq.) and the Defense of State Employee Act (N.C.G.S. ?
143-300.3 et seq.)), and without a waiver of sovereign immunity, Foundation and UNCCAA shall be liable to Bank
as provided herein for any act or omission of their Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with
the performance or failure to properly perform any of Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s obligation under this
Agreement, including the Foundation and UNCCAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(I) Upon prior written notice, Foundation and UNCCAA shall permit Bank and shall cause their
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including
Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of Foundation and UNCCAA and
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) with respect to Foundation and UNCCAA?s and their
Subcontractor?s (and their respective Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and
compliance with Applicable Laws as they relate directly to the Program or the Parties? (and their
Subcontractors?) performance of their obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Bank shall have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections related to the Program or this Agreement. The Parties
shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration and scope of the audit, tests or inspection,
provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. Foundation and UNCCAA shall promptly remediate
and cause their Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies
found with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. Foundation and UNCCAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause their Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and
cause their Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30

-9-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
