(a)

(b)

?)

(d)

"University" means University of Arizona and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, the University of Arizona, including but not limited to the athletic department
and the office of student affairs of University of Arizona.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the term of this
Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UAAA

UAAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the Program exclusively and
that neither UAAA nor any UAAA Affiliate will, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly
or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering,
or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service
Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license (except for
University), or use or allow to exist the use by others (except for University) of the UAAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service
Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow
others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or information about any
current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank. In addition, if UAAA or any UAAA Affiliate sells any product or
service, in connection with such sales, UAAA shall not, and shall cause UAAA Affiliates not to,
favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of
payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, UAAA may accept print advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by UAAA of said financial
institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, Bank and UAAA agree that, as of one hundred eighty days (180)
days prior to the end of the term (see infra Section 8(a)), UAAA may solicit proposals for
programs offering and/or discuss with any organization other than Bank the providing of any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; provided, however, UAAA shall not,
directly or indirectly, prior to the term end date: (i) endorse, advertise, offer or market any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank, or (ii) license or allow others to use or
license the UAAA Trademarks for use in relation to or for promoting or supporting any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank.

UAAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

UAAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, internet, email, advertisements, banking
centers, or any other mutually agreed upon means for participation in the Program.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Bank from
fulfilling a University student?s request for a Financial Service Product under the Program.

UAAA will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials
to be used by Bank that contain a UAAA Trademark or University Trademark; such approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
change in the UAAA Trademarks or University Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new
credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UAAA. In the event such

4

kT... ADL ANA I.AN.FoO
