? rs

subcontractors and/or affiliates shall be transferred any Customer List unless agreed to in writing
by MBNA America prior to any such transfer. (This paragraph would prohibit, by means of
example only, transferring any list of MBNA America cardholders to any financial institution
during the term of the Agreement or after the termination of the Agreement.)

(e) FIUF shall have no authority to use the Customer List for any purpose not expressly
permitted by MBNA America in a separate writing. FIUF shall comply with any reasonable
request of MBNA America with respect to security precautions to maintain the security of the
Customer List. FIUF agrees to secure and safeguard the Customer List in strict accordance with
the requirements of this Section and MBNA America?s instructions, as communicated by MBNA
America to FIUF from time to time. FIUF shall only permit access to the Customer List to those
employees, volunteers, agents and/or representatives of FIUF who need such access to perform
their duties for FIUF. In view of the confidential nature of the Customer List, FIUF warrants that
FIUF and all its employees, volunteers, agents and/or representatives who work with any
Customer List shall be made aware of the obligations contained in this Section and shall be under
strict legal obligation not to copy any Customer List, transfer any Customer List or make any
other use of any Customer List other than as specifically approved by this Section.

(f) Because the nature of the Customer List makes an evaluation of damages after a violation
of this Section impossible, then in the event that any Customer List is handled or used in a
fashion that violates this Section by FIUF or its employees, volunteers, agents, and/or
representatives, MBNA America will be entitled to damages of twenty dollars ($20.00) for each
use of each category of information (e.g., names, addresses, etc.) used in violation of this Section,
with the amount of damages not to exceed one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000.00) per
breach. In addition, FIUF agrees that MBNA America shall be entitled to injunctive relief to
prevent violation or further violation by FIUF and/or its employees, volunteers, agents or
representatives of this Section. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting MBNA America
from pursuing any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened breach.

(g) In the event FIUF receives a request to disclose a Customer List pursuant to a subpoena,
order of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body
or committee, FIUF agrees to: (i) within two (2) business days of receipt of the request notify
MBNA America of the request and provide MBNA America with a copy of such request; (ii)
consult with MBNA America on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or
narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Customer List is required or deemed advisable,
exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment
will be accorded to such portion of the Customer List to be disclosed which MBNA America
designates. MBNA America shall reimburse FIUF for all actual and reasonable costs incurred by
FUIF in obtaining such order or other reliable assurance.

13. Effective September 1, 2003, Schedule B of the Agreement is amended by deleting Section A.3
and replacing this with the following new Section A.3.:

3. 0.50% (one half of one percent) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Non-Student Member Credit Card Account
(excluding those transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the
purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming
chips)).

