examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other applicable card network; and, (iv)
rulings, injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements
with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to
which such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time.

?Athletics Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University athletic
department or any athletic teams of University during the Term as set forth in Schedule E attached
hereto.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are
authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to this Agreement
including Schedule A, except those Royalties described in Section A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
