survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case
as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

(d) Bank will not be required to pay Royalties or any other compensation to JMG with regard to, as
a result of opening, or based upon any known student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Without limiting any other term of this Agreement, Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to
the Program, including changes to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the
Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program). This Section 6 does not provide Bank the
right to change the terms of this Agreement except by written agreement of the Parties.

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information, information that by its
nature should reasonably be deemed to be confidential, and information of third parties (including,
without limitation, the Marketing Lists) provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to
the extent applicable, its Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with
the other Party, ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this
Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to
include information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall
not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this
Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information: (i) with respect to JMG, to UGAA
and/or the University, relating to the terms of this Agreement, the use of the UGAA Trademarks and
University Trademarks, the royalties under this Agreement, and/or as otherwise necessary for JMG?s
performance of its duties; (ii) to its accountants, lawyers, financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates
and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the performance of their respective duties,
provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as confidential and such Agent is subject to
enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive in this Agreement, or (iii) as and to the
extent required by Applicable Law (including compliance by UGAA and/or the University with the
Georgia Open Records Act) or required by any Governmental Authority (including JMG?s compliance
with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). In the event of a request under the Georgia Open Records Act, the Parties
acknowledge and agree that UGAA and the University are subject to the Georgia Open Records Act and
that either may be required to disclose information within the scope of a valid request under the Open
Records Act. Subject to the foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its
Agents or, with respect to JMG, by UGAA or University.

(c) JMG shall keep and shall cause their respective Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to keep) all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information confidential and
shall not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or
otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and shall cause their respective Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives not to make or transfer) any such information to any other entity or
individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses agreed to in writing by Bank
