10, GROUP MARKETING

(a) GAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by GAA, including, but not limited to, any GIP
(?GAA Marketing Effort?). GAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any GAA
Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by GAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle GAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A,
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card
Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members
which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for
any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any GAA Marketing
Effort. Bank has contro! over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
GAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, GAA shall immediately discontinue any or all GAA
Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. GAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any GAA Marketing
Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any GAA Marketing
Effort or of supporting any GAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by GAA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any GAA Marketing Effort, GAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without
limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA.

(f) GAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on GAA?s home page, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of GAA as the parties shall mutually
agree upon, all at GAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to
another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit
Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle GAA to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
GAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To
enable Bank to view all Program material, GAA will provide Bank with the ability to access any and ali
pages within the GAA internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or other
restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the term of this Agreement, GAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an ongoing
basis the following GAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online marketing
efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application
telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters,
welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not
be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Without limiting the generality of Sections 10(f) and 10(g) above and subject to Bank?s rights referenced
in Section 10(c), during the Term GAA agrees to promote the Program using:

9

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
