performance or failure to properly perform any of WFU?s obligation under this Agreement, including the
WFU Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, WFU shall permit Bank and shall direct its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of WFU and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to WFU?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, WFU Activities and performance of
WFU?s duties and obligations hereunder (including WFU Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to WFU?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 Business Days of Bank?s written notice. WFU shall promptly remediate and direct its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found
with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. WFU?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and direct its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and direct
its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30
days of written notice to WFU shall be deemed a material breach by WFU of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a
period of two years.

(I) WFU shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to WFU Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing
by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of
7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to WFU?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with WFU Activities. WFU will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental
Authority for Bank?s Information within WFU?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, WFU shall reasonably
cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of
the Wind-Down Period.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of WFU or otherwise made
available to WFU and requested in writing by Bank, WFU will promptly deliver to Bank at WFU? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering WFU?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing WFU Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement
reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the 15027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). WFU will not require, and will direct its Subcontractors,
their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition
to delivering such reports to Bank.

-10-

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
