(c)

(d

(e

(f)

11.

(a)

(b)

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Fordham
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any Fordham Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, Fordham shall immediately
discontinue any or all Fordham Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written
notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. Fordham will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Fordham Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

All costs reasonably incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any
Fordham Marketing Effort or of supporting any Fordham Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed
by Fordham upon demand.

Fordham will comply with all Applicable Laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the
Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any Fordham Marketing Effort.

Fordham will promote the Program in the Alumni section of Fordham?s website, account profile pages
and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of Fordham as the parties shall mutually
agree upon, all at Fordham?s expense. Such promotion shall include Fordham Marketing Efforts for
Deposits offered under the Program, including (i) online marketing efforts, which would include
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which
shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital
magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or
Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication
ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging. Bank may establish a
hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a
telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a Person to apply for each advertised Financial
Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number
will entitle Fordham to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Fordham will modify or remove such advertisements as soon as is
reasonably practicable but in no event later than 2 business days of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to
view all Program material, Fordham will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within
the Fordham internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted access
pages that display Program material.

Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 15 days after the Cure Period.

If either Bank or Fordham:

(i) commences a voluntary case under title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

12

ity SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
