?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of UBAA) to whom UBAA has, directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, UBAA performance of its obligations under this Agreement or in support of the
Program. ?Subcontractor? includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j)(1).

?UBAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by UBAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts ).
?UBAA Marketing Channels? means digital channels, UBAA events and print.

?UBAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of UBAA or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by UBAA or any

UBAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

? the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

? ?any? means ?any or all?;

? a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

? any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and
complete copy;

? the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction
contemplated by or provided for in this Agreement.

? a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or

Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular
Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

. a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to
the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;

? ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the

context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof;

? ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;
. references to ?months? and ?years? means calendar months and years unless otherwise specified;
-5-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
