11.

(a)

(c)

such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle MAA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. MAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, MAA will provide Bank with the ability to access
any and all pages within the MAA internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material.

Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

if either the Bank or MAA:

(i) commences a voluntary case under title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) anyone commences an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States
Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case is
pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) a court of competent jurisdiction appoints, or such Party makes an assignment of all or
substantially all of its assets to, a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the United States Code
or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws) for the Company or all or substantially all of its
assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-
faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so; or

(v) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation;

(vi) becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, then the other Party may immediately
terminate this Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall, except as set forth in Section
11(d) of this Agreement, cease to use MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks for Program marketing
purposes, provided that Bank may conclude all solicitations required by Applicable Law. Upon the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall not claim any right, title, or interest in or
to MAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection
11(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

11

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).DOCx
