(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term, and during the period that IUAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, IUAA represents and warrants to Bank that IUAA has the
right and power to license IUAA Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as
contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the
Program. IUAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective
Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and
claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case may
be, from Bank's use of the IUAA Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the
use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party
upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any IUAA Trademarks,
University Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, IUAA, to best of their knowledge, represents
and warrants that neither it nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their
Agents) is the subject of any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?),
nor is IUAA or its Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory
that is the subject of Sanctions. IUAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. IUAA represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person
or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in
any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this
Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to IUAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be remitted to IUAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise

-12-
