16/30/2888 16:37

2.

3.

342-432-6874 BANK OF AMERICA SM PAGE 68/12

the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Reward Account?s opening for at least
one (1) purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of
a charge back request, or otherwise disputed. This Royalty will not be paid for
any Account which, after opening, converts to a Reward, or for any Reward GIP
Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Account for which the annua] fee is paid by
the Customer. If no annual fec is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a
courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each Reward
Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero (0) as of the last processing day
of every twelfth (12%) month after the opening of that Reward Credit Card
Account; and annual anniversary of the month in which the Reward Account was
opened; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve
(12) months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the
opening of the account.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all-retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Reward Account (excluding those transactions
that (1) relate to refunds, returns. and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are
cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, person to person
money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips).

C. _ EMERGING ACCOUNTS

Emerging Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
teferencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Emerging Accounts.

1.

$1.00 (one dollar) for each new Emerging Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer
within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Emerging Account?s opening
for at least one purchase or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the
subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Emerging Account for which the annual fee is paid
by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a
courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty wil] be paid for each Emerging
Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero (0) as of the last processing day
of every twelfth (12"") month after the opening of that Emerging Credit Card
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for cach of the preceding
twelve (12) months.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using an Emerging Account (excluding those transactions
that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are

Page & of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Florida fnternational University Foundation Inc Term Extension Addendum Draft 10-30-08 (2)
