(i) Within one business day of receipt, USCAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of USCAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent
reasonably requested, USCAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer
Complaint. USCAA will bear no cost in resolving or remediating each Consumer Complaint unless such
cost results from an obligation of USCAA pursuant to this Agreement or Applicable Law. The provisions
of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain USCAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis USCAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, USCAA
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing USCAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by USCAA, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to
the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, USCAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. USCAA grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of USCAA, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) USCAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
USCAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. USCAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all USCAA Activities, whether performed by USCAA or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). USCAA shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of USCAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including
the USCAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, USCAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of USCAA and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to USCAA?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, USCAA Activities and performance of
USCAA?s duties and obligations hereunder (including USCAA Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to USCAA?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. USCAA shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to
compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections.
USCAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
