(c) Association authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) Association shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of all Association Trademarks
or University Trademarks in Program advertising, solicitation materials, and products to be used and/or
issued by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change
in the Trademarks or University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral! and similar
materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due Association. If such costs exceed Royalties
then due Association, upon demand Association shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, Association shall provide Bank with
its entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that Association
shall not inciude in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who
has expressly requested that Association not provide his/her personal information to third parties or
who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank
incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by Association or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an
update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then
due Association. If such costs exceed such payments, upon demand Association shall promptly
reimburse Bank for all such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, Association shall provide the first
Marketing List, containing the required information for at least one hundred ninety thousand (190,000)
non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after Association?s
execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, Association represents and warrants that the
Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) Association shall, and shall cause any Association Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about
the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials
provided by Bank to Association. Notwithstanding the above, Association may respond to individual
inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are
accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to Association. Any
correspondence received by Association that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing
inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of
receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by Association shall be paid by Bank. For any
inquiries or requests received by Association that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions,
name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to
contact the Bank.

(g) Association hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the
Association Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject to Association?s
right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This
license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement subject to the terms of Section 12(g) herein. This
license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply
to the Association Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such
Association Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. Association shall provide Bank all Association
Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for
the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after Association?s execution of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Association from granting to other persons a
license to use the Association Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of
any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of
the Effective Date and throughout the Term, Association represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it

-7-
