respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?GW Affiliate? means any Affiliate of GW.

?GW Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by GW (including such services further
delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives) pursuant to this
Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?GW Marketing Channels? means digital channels, GW events and print.

?GW Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of GW or its Affiliates and any variation
thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by GW or any GW Affiliate prior to or during
the Term.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic
or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? means account acquisition marketing using any one or more GW Marketing
Channels.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-duplicate
names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area
codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age (except twenty-one years of
age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected
membership characteristics. Marketing List shall not include individuals who have asked to be removed from
such list or have in any way instructed GW not to share their information with third parties.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member that GW recognizes as an alumni and/or other
potential participants mutually agreed to by GW and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S. dollars)
debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized
transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash advances, direct deposit cash
advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of wire transfers, person to person money
transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming
chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees,
finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit
insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1) and
includes (a) ) any "personal data" or ?personally identifiable information? as defined or regulated by Applicable

-3-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
