Bank may conclude ail Solicitations required by Applicable Law. Upon the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, Bank shall not claim any right, title, or interest in or to GKIHS Trademarks
or to the Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 11(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(d) Bank shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating or
referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by or on behalf
of GKIHS or any GKIHS Affiliate to the Members. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, Bank shall have up to the greater of (i) 90 calendar days from the termination or expiration
date or (ii) as Soon as operationally reasonable by the Bank (the ?Wind-Down Period?) to: (i) suspend
marketing and remove marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use GKIHS Trademarks
in connectign with existing Credit Card Accounts and those opened during such period; and (iii) remove
GKIHS Trademarks from Program collateral and account materials, such as statements, welcome
packages, and card carriers. GKIHS shall not attempt to cause the removal of GKIHS Trademarks from
any Person?s credit devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of the latter to
occur of (i) 90 days immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term or (ii) the
conclusion of the Wind-Down Period, and Bank shall have the right to use GKIHS Trademarks on such
credit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or exhaustion and issue
credit cards bearing GKIHS Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement until such date. The provisions of this Subsection
11(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement) (?Event?), Bank
may notify GKIHS in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to address the
Event. If, within 30 business days after GKIHS?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both Parties, Bank shall have the
right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to GKIHS, upon 90 days
advance written notice.

(f) For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, GKIHS agrees that neither GKIHS nor any GKIHS Affiliate shall, by itself or in
Conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GKIHS may, after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity
to participate in another financial service program endorsed by GKIHS, provided the opportunity is not
only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to GKIHS effective as of the date
specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,

13

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREPMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
