DocuSign Envelope iD: FEFC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing: (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; {iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, {iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank from
time to time in the exercise of its reasonable judgment and consistently applied across its US retail
consumer credit card programs.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are
authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behaif of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers} that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable this Agreement including Schedule
A, except those Royalties described in Section A.4, 8.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, travel and
entertainment card program or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present
transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement, Financial
Services Product does not mean debit card program.

?GIP Accaunt? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which University of Colorado
Boulder complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce international Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.
