?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program including those Members who have
existing accounts prior to the signing of this Agreement opened under the Second Amended and
Restated Affinity Agreement entered into as of April 1, 2011 by and between FIA Card Services, N.A. and
The George Washington Alumni Association, as amended, the Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement entered into as of October 24, 2005 by and between MBNA America Bank, N.A. and The
George Washington Alumni Association, as amended, and the Affinity Agreement entered into as of July
19, 1995 by and between MBNA America Bank, N.A. and George Washington University General Alumni
Association, as amended.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.
?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
financial brokerage products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card
program or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any
product or service in the foregoing programs, except that Financial Service Product shall not include
GW?s GWorld and P-Card cards or other services or programs used for GW?s non-alumni/non-Member
related operations , or funding through credit and debit cards provided: (i) to student athletes, (ii) by
student affairs, student accounts, or (iii) for specific GW research projects.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GW complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA?? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

23

Revisep GW Contract (002).po0cx
