SCHEDULE B

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the term of this Agreement, MBNA America will pay FIUAA a Royalty calculated as
follows, for those accounts with active charging privileges. MBNA America may create a
special class of accounts for FTUAA employees under the Program, and will not pay
compensation for such designated accounts. All Royalty payments due hereunder are subject to
adjustment by MBNA America for any prior overpayment of Royalties by MBNA America:

A. CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

1.

$1.00 (one dollar) for each new Credit Card Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid
by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by MBNA America (other than as a
result of a courtesy waiver by MBNA America), then such royalty will be paid for
each Credit Card Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
business day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Credit Card
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding
twelve months.

$0.15 (fifteen cents) for each retail purchase transaction made by a
Customer using a Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions that
(1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2)
are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
money orders, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

B. GOLD RESERVE REVOLVING LOAN ACCOUNTS

1.

$0.50 (fifty cents) for each Gold Reserve Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days.

0.25% (twenty-five one-hundredths of one percent) of the average of all month-
end outstanding balances (excluding transactions that relate to credits and
unauthorized transactions) in the calendar year for each Gold Reserve Account.
This Royalty will be paid within sixty (60) days of the calendar year end.

$2.00 (two dollars) for each applicable twelve (12) month period that a Customer
pays the annual fee on a Gold Reserve Account.

13 of 16

LAWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY.DOC
