DocuSign Envelope ID: FEFC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

hundred twenty-nine thousand (129,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no
later than 30 days after University of Colorado Boulder?s execution of this Agreement. University of
Colorado Boulder represents and warrants that to the best of its knowledge that the Member List has
been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) University of Colorado Boulder shail, only provide information to or otherwise communicate
{including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's
prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to
University of Colorado Boulder, Notwithstanding the above, University of Colorado Boulder may
respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided
that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to
University of Colorado Boulder. Any correspondence received by University of Colorado Boulder that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by University of Colorado Boulder shail be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received
by University of Colorado Boulder that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address
changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) University of Colorado Boulder hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exciusive license
to use the University of Colorado Boulder Tradernarks with the Program and, subject University of
Colorado Boulder?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial
Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in
effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d}. This license shall apply to the University of
Colorado Boulder Trademarks as set forth in Schedules C-D, notwithstanding the transfer of such
University of Colorado Boulder Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. University of Colorado Boulder will provide Bank all
University of Colorado Boulder Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by
Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after University of Colorado
Boulder?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits University of
Colorado Boulder from granting to other persons a license to use the University of Colorado Boulder
Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial
Service Products. As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, University of Colorado Boulder
represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank
for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

{h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
University of Colorado Boulder Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank. University of Colorado Boulder may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or
services offered by Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement.
University of Colorado Boulder shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(h} shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{i) Within 24 hours of receipt, University of Colorado Boulder shall refer (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to
Bank, along with all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent
within the possession or control of University of Colorado Boulder (or its Subcontractors and their

-8-
