With a copy to:

Director of Purchasing

lowa State University

3616 Administrative Services Building
Ames, IA 50011

{2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, ISUAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) and operational systems. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) [Intentionally omitted]

(k) No Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of any other Party or any of
their Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the
statement is true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

-20-
