DocuSign Envelope ID: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D 5649B30C8

10.

the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of
the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shail be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP COMMUNICATION

{a} With Bank?s prior written consent, University of Colorado Boulder may conduct solicitation
efforts for credit card products offered under the Program; provided University of Colorado Boulder
pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses associated with such efforts; and further provided the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10
(?Group Communication Effort? or ?GIP?). University of Colorado Boulder will design and produce, at its
expense, all marketing material with regard to any Group Communication Effort. University of Colorado
Boulder will seek Bank?s approva! at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by University of Colorado Boulder as instructed by
Bank for tracking purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GiP will entitle University of
Colorado Boulder to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card
Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members
which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for
any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of ali marketing materials to be used in any Group
Communication Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Communication Effort. In furtherance of the above, University of
Colorado Boulder shall immediately discontinue any or all Group Communication Efforts upon receipt of,
and in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. University of
Colorado Boulder will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any Group Communication
Effort.

{d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Communication Effort or of supporting any Group Communication Effort will be promptly reimbursed by
University of Colorado Boulder upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Communication Effort, University of Colorado Boulder will comply
with all Applicable Law, and Bank's instruction and Training.

{f) University of Colorado Boulder will advertise all the products offered under the Program on
University of Colorado Boulder?s Alumni Association or other Alumni web page, all at University of
Colorado Boulder?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another
internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to
enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts
generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle University of Colorado Boulder
to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. University of Colorado Boulder will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-
four (24} hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, University of Colorado

-15-
