(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6)
direct mail campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement,

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least two (2)
email campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;
and

(v) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at
major Foundation events during each consecutive twelve (12) month
period during the term of the Agreement. :

If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all
prior Advances paid by it to Foundation in prior years, and pays Foundation Eligible
Royalties accrued by Foundation over and above the Eligible Royalties used by Bank to
recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the
amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

FE; ROYALTY GUARANTEE.

Foundation shall be guaranteed to accrue Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the
Advances) equal to or greater than one hundred fifty eight thousand dollars ($158,000) (the ?Guarantee
Amount?) by September 30, 2019, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on September 30, 2019,
Foundation has not accrued $158,000 in Royalties, Bank will pay Foundation an amount equal to the
Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by Foundation during the initial term of
this Agreement and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee
and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of
the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1,

For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, Foundation will receive an
account bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) five thousand ($5,000) if
at least fifty (50), but less than one hundred (100) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts
and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying
GIP Accounts, or (ii) ten thousand ($10,000) if one hundred (100) or more GIP
Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a
Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts.

For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts fora
Contract Year, FIA shall include:

i. GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that
are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the same
Contract Year, and

Page 19 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
