_ 16/38/2688 16:34 302-432-6874 BANK OF AMERICA SM PAGE 15/15

_ TERM EXTENSION ADDENDUM TO THE
FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY FOUNDATION, INC.
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

THIS ADDENDUM (the ?Addendum?) is entered into as of this _2/T ary of October, 2008,
(?Addendum Effective Date?) by and between Florida Intemational University Foundation, Inc.
on behalf of the Florida International University Alumni Association (?FIUF"), and FIA Card
Services, N.A. (f/k/a MBNA America Bank, N.A.) (?Bank?), for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, FIUF and Bank are parties to an Affinity Agreement dated as of August 24, 1998, as
the same has been amended (the ?Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain Financial
Services to certain persons included in certain Mailing Lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of
FIUF, and

WHEREAS, FIUF and. Bank mutually desire to extend the term of the Agreement and to 4,
otherwise amend the Agreement as provided for herein; tee

Now, THEREFORE, i in consideration of the mutual covenants and 1 agreement contained herein;
FIUF and Bank agree as follows: . rn

1. The above recitals are incorporated heivin and deemed a part of this Addendum.
Capital zed terms used but not otherwise herein defined are used as defined in the Agreement. .

2. The current term of the Agreement is hereby extended to end on December 31, 2015.
Thereafter, the Agreement shal] automatically extend at the end of the current term or any

renewal term for successive two-year periods, unless either party gives written notice of its
intention not to renew at least ninety (90) days, but not more than one hundred eighty (180) days,
prior to the last date of such term or renewal term, as applicable. This Section shall replace all .. .
provisions concerning the term of the Agrcement, the renewal of the Agreement, and all notices
required to not renew this Agreement.

3. The following definitions are hereby added to Section 1 of the Agreement as follows:

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and Jocal statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory
examinations, agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable
self-regulatory organizations, {iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual
term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Peposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts,
certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with?

Pape 1 of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Florida International University Foundation Inc Term Extension Addendum Draft 10-30-08 (2)
