Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

Throughout the Term and until the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period MAA shall and shall cause its
respective Representatives to provide MAA Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to Bank and MAA), and Bank?s instruction. The provisions of this
Subsection 4(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement until the conclusion
of the Wind-Down Period.

(d

5. ROYALTIES

During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to MAA. No compensation or payments shall be paid to MAA until a Schedule
B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to
Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(a

(b) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify MAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after MAA?s
receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to MAA, upon 90 days advance
written notice.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS
Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes
to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent
applicable, any of its respective Representatives) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to,
the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such
Information shall not be disclosed by such other Person to any other Person, except as permitted under
this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and MAA shall be permitted to disclose such
Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and
employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the performance of their respective duties,
provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as confidential in the above described manner
or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Party disclosing Information of the other Party to its Agents shall be liable for any breach of this
Section 7 by its Agents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).Docx
