(j) During the Term and for 2 years thereafter, upon prior written notice, ESAUT shall permit Bank
and shall cause its subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives) to permit (and cooperate
with) Bank?s (including Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of
ESAUT with respect to ESAUT?s policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with
Applicable Laws and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, ESAUT Activities and
performance of ESAUT?s duties and obligations hereunder. Bank shall have the right to determine the
scope of such audits, tests or inspections. To avoid undue disruption of ESAUT?s operations, the Parties
shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided
such date is within ten (10) business days of Bank?s written notice. ESAUT shall promptly remediate any
deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws and this Agreement as a result of such
audits, tests or inspections. ESAUT?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate or to (2) promptly remediate any
such deficiencies within thirty (30) days of written notice to ESAUT shall be deemed a material breach by
ESAUT of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(j) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term for a period of two years.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members in material
compliance with all Applicable Laws.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any ESAUT Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval
of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of ESAUT.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any ESAUT Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of ESAUT.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement only in a manner
consistent with this Agreement and shall not permit persons or entities handling the Marketing Lists to
use them for any other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material shall or shall not be sent. ESAUT owns all right, title and interest in
these Marketing Lists. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it
obtains solely as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however
that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by ESAUT.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place ESAUT Trademarks on gifts for individuals
completing applications and on other premium items, including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other
items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. ESAUT will have
approval rights of the use and appearance of the ESAUT Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to
Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion subject to the
terms of this Agreement. Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee),
or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or
indirectly to or on behalf of ESAUT or an ESAUT Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. ESAUT waives such
payments from any third party(ies) (and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive
such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to
give effect to this waiver. If a third party should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or

4
