? @ ?

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

(b) FIUAA represents and warrants to MBNA America as of the date hereof and throughout
the term of this Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Trademarks to MBNA
America for use as contemplated by this Agreement. FIUAA will hold MBNA America, its
directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns harmless from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and will reimburse MBNA America?s
reasonable and actual costs in connection therewith, arising from the Trademark license granted
herein or from MBNA America's use of the Trademarks in reliance thereon. Each party shall
promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or
complaints relating to such license or the use of any Trademarks.

6. ROYALTIES

(a) During the term of this Agreement, MBNA America shall pay Royalties to FIUAA.
Royalties will not be paid without a completed Schedule C. Except as otherwise provided in
Schedule B, payment of Royalties then due shall be made approximately forty-five (45) days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b) On or before the forty fifth (45th) day after the end of each calendar quarter during the

term of this Agreement, MBNA America will provide FIUAA with a statement showing the

number of Credit Card Accounts opened, the number of Credit Card Accounts renewed and the

number of retail purchase transactions (excluding those transactions that relate to refunds, returns PLEASE
and unauthorized transactions), made during the preceding calendar period.

7. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS L

A summary of the current features of the Program are set forth in Schedule A. MBNA America
reserves the right to makeperiodic adjustments to the Program and its terms and features.after giving*
reasonable

8. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of
disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or
entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. MBNA
America and FIUAA shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants,
legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of the INITIAL
respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information as confidential ip th /\
above described manner and (ii) as required by law or by any governmental regulatory ai rity: F)
also be permitted to disclose such information to Florida International Universisy
*written notice to FIUAA of same. Signifieant-changes te-the Program -are--subject-
-to-FIUAA's prior written approval.

6 of 16
L:AWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY.DOC
