All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment GKIHS, be applied against each of the Advances until
such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to GKIHS as
set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated to pay any
additional Advances to GKIHS hereunder, and (y) GKIHS hereby promise to pay Bank upon demand an amount
equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount of
accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event
any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v} below should occur:

(i the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in this Agreement as of the
Effective Date;

(ii) GKIHS breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least three (3) e-mail campaigns to the
full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;
and

(iv) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at major GKIHS events during each
consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement.

2. If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all prior Advances paid
by it to GKIHS in prior years, and pays GKIHS Eligible Royalties accrued by GKIHS over and above the Eligible
Royalties used by Bank to recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the
amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

GKIHS shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the Advances)
equal to or greater than two million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($2,250,000.00) (the ?Guarantee
Amount?) by March 31, 2019, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on March 31, 2019, GKIHS has not
accrued two million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($2,250,000.00) in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay GKIHS
an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by GKIHS during the
initial term of this Agreement and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty
Guarantee and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any
of the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above. From April 1, 2019 through the end of the seven-year term
of this Agreement, GKIHS shall continue to earn additional Royalties beyond the Guarantee Amount for any new
Customers acquired by Bank due to the marketing efforts under this Agreement.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, GKIHS will receive an account bonus
(?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) seven thousand five hundred dollars ($7,500) if at least
seventy-five (75), but less than one hundred fifty (150} GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or
Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same
Contract Year, or (ii) fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) if one hundred fifty (150) or more GIP Accounts,
Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become
Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same Contract Year,

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a Contract Year, Bank
shail include:

22

GOLDEN KRY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
