Agreement, Bank shall have until the later of (i) 120 days from the termination or expiration date or (ii)
as soon as operationally reasonable by the Bank to: (x) suspend marketing and remove marketing
materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (y) use AU Trademarks in connection with existing, Credit
Card Accounts and those opened during such period; and, (z) remove AU Trademarks from Program
collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as statements, welcome packages, and card
carriers. AU shall not attempt to cause the removal of AU Trademarks from any Person?s credit devices,
checks, or records of any Customer existing as of the day immediately following the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term. Bank shall only have the right to use AU Trademarks on such credit devices,
debit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or exhaustion and issue
credit cards bearing AU Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify AU in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms
of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after AU?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both
Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability
to AU, upon 90 days advance written notice.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, AU agrees that neither AU nor any AU Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AU may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by AU, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. For clarity, this Subsection does
not prevent AU from conducting a general solicitation of a Financial Services Product to its Members
from an entity other than Bank after termination or expiration of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to AU effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, AU agrees that it shall (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and
purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy
within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or
reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. AU shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current
destruction policy. AU shall have the right to retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent
required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to be
subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. AU shall promptly certify its compliance with
these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection 11(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

-16-

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
