a court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable
for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or
unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn, without
invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

(f) All notices required by this Agreement must be given in writing in order to be valid. Notices
shall be deemed given: (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery or facsimile; (ii) 1 business day after sending
prepaid by nationally or internationally recognized overnight or express courier or service; (iii) 3
business days after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or
(iv) at the time that notice of receipt is generated electronically as a result of the recipient
opening the email (i.e., read request receipt, which some recipients might be able to prevent) |
or at the time that the sender can demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered
(i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or at such other time as the recipient acknowledges
receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(4) If to UCIAA:

UCI Alumni Association |
Newkirk Alumni Center
450 Alumni Court
Irvine, CA 92697-1225

ATTENTION: ? Ms. Erika N. Jordan

Sr. Exec. Director Alumni Relations, Engagement & Annual Program
Facsimile : 949-824-3890
E-mail: enjordan@uci.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration
Facsimile: 206-585-9732

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

-19-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28
