?Contract Year? means the period from the Effective Date through and including December 31, 2018
and each consecutive twelve month period thereafter from January 1% through December 31* during
the Term.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Sections A.4, B.4, C.4 and
E of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, installment loan
program, revolving line of credit or loan program, financial brokerage products or services program, or
any product or service in connection with the use of the foregoing programs (e.g., digital wallet, or card-
not-present transaction). This definition shall not include:

(i) the college savings program between Alumni Association and College Savings Bank (i.e.,
the Montana Savings Plan);
(ii) the travel and entertainment business card program;

(iii) the University identification card with limited pre-paid debit card functionality, currently
known as the ?Tiger 1 Card? (the ?Tiger 1 Card program?); and
(iv) debit card programs or deposit programs.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni Association
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby Alumni
Association conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program,
and the Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

26

