(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement for the Program only, in
a manner consistent with this Agreement, and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing
Lists to use them for any other purpose. Bank shall destroy each Marketing List upon receipt of a
replacement Marketing List from USCAA and will maintain a file transfer protocol internet site for
purpose of delivery of the Marketing List. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these
Marketing Lists to whom promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and
shall remain the sole property of USCAA. Upon termination or expiration of the Agreement, Bank shall
return to USCAA or destroy all copies of the Marketing List, except to the extent a Marketing List is
required to be retained to comply with Applicable Law or Governmental Authority and only for the
duration of such requirement. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information
that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement.

(f) [Intentionally omitted]

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, USCAA acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously
with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement.
However, when using USCAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank
Products (excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless USCAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such
purposes. ?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other
products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0
Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for,
and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information
becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement; provided however that
Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by USCAA,
including but not limited to the use of the USCAA Trademark or University Trademark.

(h) The Financial Service Products offered under the Program are those products set forth in
Schedule A (and the functional equivalent of such Financial Service Products that may be offered from
time to time by the Bank). Bank and USCAA must mutually agree in writing prior to offering any other
Financial Service Product (and the functional equivalent of such other Financial Service Product) for the
Program.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) USCAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy} (002)
