DocuSign Envelope ID: 6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, partners, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any
Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party beneficiary of this
Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this Agreement. The provisions of
this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) UVAA recognizes and agrees that Bank's goodwill and reputation in the marketplace are valuable and
intangible assets; therefore, UVAA agrees that it shall not conduct itself or engage in any activity in a manner
that may adversely affect these assets. In the event Bank determines that UVAA does not so conduct itself, Bank
may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately.

(k) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its Affiliates, the
Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is true and whether or
not it is characterized as confidential.

(I) Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such delay
or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules, regulations
or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or other similar causes beyond
its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without the fault or negligence and/or lack of
diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed Party shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for more than 120 days by providing the
delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of such termination, which notice must be received by the
delayed Party within 10 days after the expiration of the 120 day period.

(m) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to accept a
digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as best evidence to the
extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that if a representative of each of the
Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and transmits such Agreement to the other
Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted portable document format, the Agreement shall be
treated in all manner and respects as having an original signature (or counterpart thereof) and shall be
considered to have the same binding legal effects as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in
person. At the request of a Party, each other Party hereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver
them to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic signature or electronic
transmission in portable document format or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated
through the use of facsimile machine or electronic transmission in portable document format as a defense to this
Agreement and each such Person forever waives any such defense. The provisions of this Subsection 12(m) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(n) This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the Parties hereto having the assistance of
counsel and other advisors. No provision of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or against

either Party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the draftsman, or any similar
doctrine.

-19-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
