(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(a)

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UHAA.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of UHAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information
that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship.
This information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement;
provided however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would imply
an endorsement by UHAA.

Subject to applicable law and regulation, Bank has the right to place UHAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium
items, including without limitation t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s
judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. UHAA will have approval of
the use and appearance of the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks used on such
materials pursuant to Section 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s
discretion. Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor (ee), or
manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly
or indirectly to or on behalf of UHAA, an UHAA Affiliate or University for such gifts or
premiums. UHAA waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or agrees to cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. Ifa third party
should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the
realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or
Advance payments.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UHAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products")
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject
to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when using UHAA?s Marketing Lists
for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct
mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless UHAA consents to
Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all
Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a
connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all
information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in
connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s
own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

UHAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

Page 6 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

