?Member? means (i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of UNCCAA, (iii) friends, faculty
and staff of the University, (iv) fans, ticket holders, donors and contributors of any University
athletic team or athletic department, (v) students of University and/or (vi) other potential
participants mutually agreed to by Foundation, UNCCAA, and Bank,

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Business Account? means a Business Credit Card Account carrying a
Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Business GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Business Account
opened pursuant to a GIP in which Foundation and UNCCAA comply with the GIP provisions of
the Agreement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which Foundation and UNCCAA comply with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial
Service Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either party (including its
Affiliates) during the term of this Agreement and used to promote or identify products or
services offered by Bank through the Program. Program Trademarks may but need not
necessarily consist of a UNCCAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other
elements.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium
Reward GIP Account which remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is
utilized by the Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s,
Reward GIP Account?s or Premium Reward GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase
or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as
part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World
Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
Foundation and UNCCAA comply with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

Page 3 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
