March 20, 2018

Mr. Harrison F. Trammell

Chief Executive Officer
Clemson University Foundation
P.O. Box 1889

Clemson, South Carolina, 29633

RE: Termination of Agreement
Dear Mr. Trammell:

This letter is in reference to the Affinity Agreement by and between Clemson University Foundation on
behalf of Clemson Alumni Association (?CUF?) and Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with
FIA Card Services, N.A.) (?Bank?), dated as of September 1, 2012, as the same has been amended (the
?Agreement?). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to such
terms in the Agreement.

Notwithstanding the terms of Section 8 of the Agreement, the Parties agree that the Agreement shall
terminate effective January 1, 2018. As of the date hereof, the Parties agree that, to their respective
knowledge, there exists no breach, default, or event or condition which, with the giving of notice or the
passage of time or both, would constitute a breach or default by either Party under the Agreement.

This letter shall legally bind and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Parties. Any
inconsistencies between this letter and the Agreement shall be governed by this letter. This letter will
be governed by, subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. If any
portion of this letter is deemed to be invalid, the balance of the letter will remain in force as if such
invalid portion was not contained herein.

Please execute both this and the enclosed copy of this letter and forward them to me. I will obtain the
appropriate signatures and send you a fully executed original. If you have any questions, please contact
me at 212-449-1599.

Sincerely,

Kevin T. Pearson
Senior Vice President

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
Clemson University Foundation Bank of America, N.A.
BY: Kosa AS anne. BY:
NAME: Hattison F._Trammes| NAME:
ritue: Bess Rexs-& CEO TITLE:
Z>
Bankof America ~~
BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH U.S. TRUST Bioesacuae MERLE

MERRILL LYNCH
