(h)

(c)

(d)

duration of this Agreement and will apply to the Association Trademarks and University
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Association Trademarks or University
Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation,
organization, or individual. Association will provide Bank all Association Trademark and
University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by Bank for the
Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after Association?s execution of
this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Association from granting to other
persons a license to use the Association Trademarks or University Trademark in conjunction
with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
included in Schedule A.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
an Association Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited
by this Section 2(h). Association may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the
Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program. Association shall not
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to
register any Association Trademark or University Trademark or any Program Trademark
containing Association or University Trademarks. Bank may use Program Trademarks that
contain Association Trademarks or University Trademark to promote or identify the Program
and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only
during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Association Marketing Effort, as defined in Section 11 of this
Agreement. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or
related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of Association.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Association Marketing Effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of Association.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of Association. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all
information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account
relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this
Agreement; provided however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that
would imply an endorsement by Association.

Page 6 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
