8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on July 34, 2022 (?Initial
Term").

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

(ce

2

Notwithstanding Section 8(b) above, the right to not renew the Agreement pursuant to this Section 8 of
the Agreement may also be used by Bank to terminate the Deposit Program only or Credit Card Program
only as of the end of any current term of the Agreement, with the exception that such non-renewal
notice, to be valid and effective, must be received by PTK on or before one hundred twenty (120) days
prior to the end of the then current term. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Deposit Program
or Credit Card Program terminates earlier than the Agreement as provided for immediately above, such
terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in the
Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of this Agreement, and the rights and
obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such
program shall be null and void, in each case, as if the termination of such program was a termination or
expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

9. STA ERNING AGREE

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of North Carolina applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within
the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina and shall be deemed
for all purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina. The United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP. KETING

(a

~?

PTK will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by PTK, including, but not limited to, any GIP

(?PTK Marketing Effort?). PTK will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any PTK
Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by PTK as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts (excluding Acquired Accounts) generated from any GIP will entitle PTK to the Royalty for
GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials

available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be GIP
Accounts and not eligible for any GIP Royalty.

(c]

2

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any PTK Marketing
Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
PTK Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, PTK shall immediately discontinue any or all PTK
Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank requesting such

10
PHI THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy) Bs.
