4: GROUP INCENTIVE PROGRAM

(a) MBNA America shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional material with
regard to the Program, except with respect to those materials designed by FIUAA pursuant to any
GIP. In that regard, FIUAA shall give MBNA America sixty (60) days prior notice of its desire
to engage in marketing efforts regarding the Program itself, specifying that accounts generated
from such efforts will entitle FIUAA to the Royalty specified in Schedule B, subject to the other
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) All marketing materials generated as a result of such GIP programs shall be coded by
FIUAA for tracking purposes. Marketing materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members
which, in either case, do not contain or reference such coding shall not be considered eligible for
any of the GIP Royalty as set forth in Schedule B.

(c) In addition to all other rights it may have under this Agreement, MBNA America shall
have the right of prior approval of all advertising and solicitation materials distributed by FIUAA
pursuant to any GIP. MBNA America shall have approval and control of the scope, timing,
content and continuation of any GIP.

(d) All? costs incurred by MBNA America in producing and mailing materials created
pursuant to any GIP or of supporting the marketing efforts of FIUAA pursuant to any GIP shall
be deducted from any or all Royalty payments due FIUAA under this Agreement.

(e) FIUAA shail comply with MBNA America's instructions and all applicable laws,
including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act,
with regard to any GIP.

5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) FIUAA and MBNA America each represents and warrants to the other that as of the
Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(a It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

(ii) ?It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii) | This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(iv) No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect.

5 of 16
L:AWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY DOC
