1000 Samoset Drive
DES-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 13(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, USCAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) and operational systems. Bank will not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under
this Agreement without the written consent of USCAA; provided however, that Bank may assign or
transfer, without consent, any of its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement:

(i) to any Bank Affiliate which can fully perform such obligations;

(ii) to any Person(s) pursuant to a sale(s) (other than a sale as described in Clause
(iii), below) as long as such prospective buyer(s) has/have substantially similar customer
satisfaction standards as Bank; or

(iii) to any Person(s) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale(s) of all or
substantially all the assets of Bank.

Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement,
provided that Bank shall remain responsible for such obligations under this Agreement. Certain
Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be performed, offered or
provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 13(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) [Intentionally omitted}

(k) [Intentionally Omitted]

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy} (002)
