10.

with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. UBAA will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security
breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. UBAA will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives
and Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified system
vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely

manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that UBAA will introduce (and
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch
as soon as commercially reasonable after UBAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all
devices that comprise UBAA?s system (or that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives
and Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs
and to all of UBAA?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on
September 30, 2023 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of New York (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed
entirely within the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules
or provisions (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and shall be deemed for all purposes to
be made and fully performed in New York. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, UBAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card
products offered under the Program using UBAA Marketing Channels; provided UBAA pays for all
marketing and solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing
materials, if any, provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree
that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or
?GIP?). Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for
UBAA?s use in connection UBAA?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available,

-14-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
