14.
new Section A.4.:

15.

16.

17.

? 4

Effective September 1, 2003, Schedule B of the Agreement. is amended by adding the following

4,

0.40% (four tenths of one percent) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Student Member Credit Card Account
(excluding those transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the?
purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming
chips)).

Effective September 1, 2003, Schedule B, Section E of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following new Section E:

B.

GIP ACCOUNTS

$30.00 (thirty dollars) for each GIP Account opened, which remains open for at least
ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer within the first
ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s opening for at least one purchase or
cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request,
or otherwise disputed. Such GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Sections D and E to Schedule A:

D.

E.

REWARD ENHANCEMENT

1. There is no annual fee.

2. The current annual percentage rate is 12.99%.

3. The Reward Enhancement may be marketed under another name (e.g., World
Points), as determined by MBNA America from time to time, in its sole
discretion.

BUSINESS CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

?BusinessCard Credit Card Account? means a business Credit Card Account (currently referred
to as a Platinum Plus for Business account) opened by a Member in response to marketing efforts
made pursuant to the Program. MBNA America reserves the right to change the product name(s)
(e.g., Platinum Plus for Business), in its sole discretion, from time to time.

1. There is no annual fee for each business card issued to an individual or business
entity pursuant to the BusinessCard Credit Card Account program. MBNA
America reserves the right to make special pricing offers for BusinessCard Credit
Card Accounts to select FIUF Customers and/or Members at its own discretion.

2. The current Annual Percentage Rate for BusinessCard Credit Card Accounts is a
fixed rate of 11.99%.

Schedule B of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Sections H and I:
