does not contain an express or implied endorsement by Foundation and UNCCAA of said financial institution or
advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(ii) Bank acknowledges that the University Athletics Department (?Athletics?) and the Office of Student
Affairs of The University of North Carolina at Charlotte (?Student Affairs?) may have sponsorships or
relationships with other financial institutions that may provide financial products and services to students,
faculty, and staff of University. The Parties agree that this Agreement will not be construed to prohibit Athletics
or Student Affairs from continuing these, or establishing new, sponsorships or relationships provided that the
Foundation and UNCCAA will not provide UNCCAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists or other lists of Members to
University, Athletics, and Student Affairs for the purpose of soliciting Financial Service Products to Members.

(b) Foundation and UNCCAA agree to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) Foundation and UNCCAA authorize Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) Foundation and UNCCAA shall have the right of prior written (email acceptable) approval of the
depiction of a UNCCAA Trademark or University Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to
be used by Bank. Any advertising or solicitation materials utilizing a UNCCAA Trademark or University
Trademark which is created by, or at the direction of, Bank shall be of a similar quality and workmanship of
advertising or solicitation materials for other credit card programs of Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the
cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks
and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any
Royalties due Foundation and UNCCAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due Foundation, upon demand
Foundation and UNCCAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, Foundation and UNCCAA shall provide Bank
with its entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that Foundation and
UNCCAA shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who has expressly requested that Foundation and UNCCAA not provide his/her personal information to third
parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank
incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by Foundation and UNCCAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List
or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then
due Foundation and UNCCAA. If such costs exceed such payments, upon demand Foundation and UNCCAA shall
promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, Foundation and UNCCAA shall
provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least fifty thousand (50,000) non-
duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after Foundation and UNCCAA?s
execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, Foundation and UNCCAA represent and warrant that
the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) Foundation and UNCCAA shall, and shall cause any Foundation Affiliates and UNCCAA Affiliates to, only
provide information to or otherwise communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation
materials provided by Bank to Foundation and UNCCAA. Notwithstanding the above, Foundation and UNCCAA
may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that
said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to Foundation and
UNCCAA. Any correspondence received by Foundation and UNCCAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications,
payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24
hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by Foundation and UNCCAA shall be paid

-7-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
