AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1* day of January, 2015 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between
Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.), a national banking
association having its principal place of business in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and The
University of Arizona Alumni Association having its principal place of business in Tucson, Arizona
(?UAAA?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UAAA and Bank are parties to that certain Agreement last dated November 30,
1993, as the same has been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial
services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UAAA; and

WHEREAS, UAAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
UAAA and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer or their account
under the Program (?Accountholder?), the Bank, or the Program.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information that Bank may furnish to
UAAA solely for the purposes of this Agreement. ?Accountholder List? includes any whole or
partial copies or compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any
information derived solely from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. This definition shall not include the University of Arizona or any of its affiliates.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A, B and C.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.
