16/30/2088 16:37 382-432-6074 BANK OF AMERICA SM : PAGE 84/12

on Schedule A are subject to change at any time in Bank?s discretion, including but not limited
to, discontinuation of such practices and education initiatives. In the event that Bank
permanently discontinues, in its discretion, the student lending practices and credit education ?
initiatives described on Schedule A, and does not offer any altematives to such, FIUF may notify
Bank in writing that it no longer wishes to authorize Bank to directly market new account
acquisition to students under the Agreement. FIUF agrees that any marketing campaigns that
were in process and not able to be suspended either because there isn?t sufficient time to stop the
campaign(s), or because stopping would result in additional expense and cost to the Bank, may
be completed, and/or FIUF shall reimburse Bank for such additional expense and cost. Further,
FIUF acknowledges that upon Bank?s receipt of such written notice, Bank shall reduce the
amount of the next Advance payment due to FIUF by $30,000.00, and Bank shall also deduct
$30,000.00 from each Advance payment made thereafter during the remainder of the term of the
Agreement. If FIUF and Bank mutually agree that only direct mail and on-campus new account
acquisition marketing channels targeting students shal) be discontinued, Bank shall reduce the
amount of the next Advance payment due to FIUF by $15,000.00, and Bank shall also deduct
$15,000.00 from cach Advance payment made thereafter during the remainder of the term of the
Agreement. : . . 7

I4. . Schedule?B of the Agreement, as amended by Sections 13 through 20 of the Amendment
to the Affinity Agreement dated as of September 1, 2003, is hereby deleted in its entirety and an
replaced with a new Schedule B, attached hereto and made a part hereof. For the sake of clarity, ..
this means that the prior Advances and Guarantee provisions described in the September 1, 2003"

?4 Amendment are no longer applicable as of.the Addendum Effective Date and neither FIUF nor
Bank have any further obligation with respect thereto. a

15. Except as amended by this Addendum, all the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed,
Any inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shail be governed by this
Addendum. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as
amended by this Addendum, shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of
Delaware (without regard to its conflict of Jaws principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes
to be made and fully performed in Delaware. Certain Financial Services or services under the
Agreement may be offered through Bank affiliates.

16. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
considered an original, and all of which shall be decmed one and the same instrument. The
Agreement, as amended by this Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters covered and no other prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or
written, made by any party or its employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding.

Page 4of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Florida international University Foundation Inc Term Extension Addendnm Draft 10-30-08 (2)
