UBAA will only use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts.
Except for the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, UBAA will be responsible for all
expenses with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. UBAA will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60)
days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by UBAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UBAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-
pages) to be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Bank, in its sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing,
content, and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UBAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UBAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at UBAA?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by UBAA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, UBAA will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) UBAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UBAA?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UBAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at UBAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UBAA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. UBAA will correct, modify, terminate, remove and delink (as directed by Bank) any and all
hyperlinks, materials, or advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable
Bank to view all Program material, UBAA will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login
credentials) to access any and all pages within the UBAA internet site(s), including any ?members only?
or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, UBAA agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g.,
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing
efforts, including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone
number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

-15-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
