B.

SCHEDULE A

eee

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the Term, Bank shall pay MAA a Royalty calculated as follows for those accounts with active
charging privileges. For clarity, Royalties will not be paid for student Credit Card Accounts. All Royalty
payments due hereunder are subject to adjustment by Bank for any prior overpayment of Royalties by
Bank:

CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS
?3.00 (three dollars) for each new Credit Card Account (other than a GIP Account) when it first becomes
an Activated Account.

?3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid by the Customer. If
no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such
Royalty will be paid for each Credit Card Account that: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Credit Card Account; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the immediately preceding twelve (12) months.

0.50% (fifty basis points) of the Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Credit Card Accounts
(other than reward accounts).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each GIP Account opened when it first becomes an Activated Account.
Such GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

REWARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation provisions
contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of Credit Card
Accounts will not apply to Reward Accounts.

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Reward Account opened, when it first becomes an Activated Account.
This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Reward Account, or for
any Reward GIP Account.

?3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the Customer. If no
Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty
will be paid for each Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing
day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Reward Account; and 2) has had active charging
privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve
(12) months after the opening of the account.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Reward Accounts.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Reward GIP Account opened when it first becomes an Activated
Account. Such Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

17

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI Assoc SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy).Docx
