Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services
that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade). Bank may
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. RESENTATIONS AND W. NTIES
(a

?

PTK and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

(iil) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the
negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained
and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

(b) PTK represents and warrants to Bank as of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during any
period thereafter that PTK Trademarks remain in use hereunder, that: (i) PTK has the right and power to
license PTK Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement (as defined in Section 11(d);
and (ii) PTK shall provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. PTK shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and
all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and shall
reimburse Bank's costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees
and court expenses), arising from the license granted herein or from Bank's use of PTK Trademarks in
reliance thereon, or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall
promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the
use of any PTK Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Section 4(b) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c]

pa

PTK represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that neither it nor its
Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives, and its and their Agents) is the subject of
any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is PTK, or its Representatives or
Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions.
PTK represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and Subcontractors has or during the
term of this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. PTK represents and warrants that neither it nor its
Subcontractors (or its and their respective Representatives, or its and their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of

8
Put THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY) =
