13.

TRADEMARKS, MARKETING LISTS, ACCOUNTHOLDER LISTS, OR ACCOUNTHOLDER
INFORMATION, (B) THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION
HEREUNDER OR (C) DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES ARISING FROM A MATERIAL BREACH OF THE
CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

(s) As of the Effective Date, the Parties hereby agree that (i) the Previous Agreement is amended and
restated in its entirety by this Agreement, (ii) the Parties? rights and obligations with respect to the Program
shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (iii) neither Party has any payment
or other obligation to the other Party under the Previous Agreement; provided, however, that the Previous
Agreement shall govern the Parties? relationship with respect to any claim or obligation arising prior to the
Effective Date.

ACCOUNTHOLDER LIST

(a) If no notice of termination has been given by either Party, and no event of default of or breach by
ESAUT has occurred and is continuing or not cured, or would have occurred but for the giving of notice or
the passage of time or both, during the Term, Bank will, from time to time as agreed by the Parties, furnish
an Accountholder List to ESAUT. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Bank
will not be required to furnish and may restrict ESAUT?s use of any Accountholder List or Accountholder
Information, if Bank is prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of Applicable
Law, bank-wide privacy policy, public privacy pledge, or individual present or former Accountholder
request, or if furnishing the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information or its intended use would
create an additional regulatory or compliance burden on Bank.

(b) ESAUT will not use the Accountholder List for any purpose not expressly permitted by Bank in this
Agreement or in a separate writing prepared by Bank and delivered from time to time to ESAUT. ESAUT
will secure the Accountholder List in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and, as
communicated by Bank to ESAUT from time to time, Bank?s instructions. ESAUT will only permit access to
the Accountholder List to those employees of ESAUT who need such access to perform their duties relating
to this Agreement. ESAUT will inform such employees of ESAUT?s duties and limitations under this
Agreement, and enforce compliance therewith.

(c) Any Accountholder List furnished to ESAUT may contain dummy information (e.g., names,
account information, addresses, etc., unknown to ESAUT) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use
of an Accountholder List. A violation of this Section is conclusively proven and the relief specified below
will be deemed owed when Bank establishes the following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy
information on the list (e.g., name(s), account information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy
information received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the scope of the permitted use
of the Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its
affiliates to any third party.

(d) ESAUT agrees Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by
ESAUT and/or its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in
this Agreement will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such
violation or further violation (including threatened violation).

(e) ESAUT will return to Bank each Accountholder List, in the same form as received by ESAUT within
thirty (30) days of receipt of such Accountholder List. Promptly, using commercially reasonable efforts,
but no less than ten (10) business days, after the expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement,
ESAUT agrees that it will: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all Accountholder Lists

17
