(b

(c

(d

{e

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFIN

shall cause Fordham Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any
payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in
this Agreement to the contrary, (i) Fordham may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted)
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express
or implied endorsement by Fordham of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product; and (ii) Fordham may allow financial institutions (other than Bank) to come on its campuses
during orientation or other periods sanctioned by Fordham?s Student Affairs department to offer non-
endorsed deposit and/or debit card services to Students.

Fordham agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested
by Bank in connection with the Program.

Fordham authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Bank shall not target Students for participation in the Program during the Term.

However, nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Bank from fulfilling a request for a Financial
Service Product offered under the Program that is initiated by a Student or member of the general
public. In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in this Subsection 2(c) to the contrary, Bank
shall not be deemed in breach ofthis Subsection 2(c) for soliciting any individual from any Marketing List
for participation in the Program.

Fordham shall have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials to be
used by Bank that contain a Fordham Trademark; such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in
Fordham Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, after advance
notice to Fordham of expected costs, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due Fordham. If
such costs exceed Royalties then due Fordham, if requested by Bank, Fordham shall promptly reimburse
Bank for all such costs.

Once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, Fordham shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that Fordham shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that Fordham not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the
age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because
of a charge assessed by Fordham or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing
List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due Fordham. If such costs exceed Royalties then due
Fordham, if requested by Bank, Fordham shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. Fordham
shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least one hundred
twenty thousand (120,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days
after Fordham?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, Fordham represents and
warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including but
not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

Fordham shall, and shall cause any Fordham Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to Fordham.
Notwithstanding the above, Fordham may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to Fordham. Any correspondence received by Fordham that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account

- 6

AGREEMENT (E UTION COPY,

