(h) Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain IUAA Trademarks or University Trademarks to
market, solicit, or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program
at no cost to Bank. All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or
contain an IUAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, will belong
exclusively to Bank. IUAA may not (and shall cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors not
to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. IUAA will not (and shall cause
its Representatives and require its Subcontractors not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, IUAA will refer (and shall cause its Representatives and
require its Subcontractors to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or control
of IUAA (or its Representatives and Subcontractors). To the extent reasonably requested, IUAA will (and
shall cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the
resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain IUAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis IUAA shall and shall cause its Representatives and
require its Subcontractors to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, IUAA will cease
to perform, and will cause its Representatives and require any Subcontractors to cease performing IUAA
Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by IUAA, such
Representatives and Subcontractors, as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, but no more than twice per calendar year, IUAA agrees to affirm

(and to cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to affirm) continued compliance with the
obligations, responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in
writing. IUAA grants (and to cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to grant) Bank the
right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of IUAA, its Representatives, and its
Subcontractors.

(3) IUAA shall, and shall cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to provide IUAA
Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training and
Bank?s reasonable instruction. IUAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance of all IUAA Activities, whether performed by IUAA, its Representatives or any
Subcontractor. IUAA shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its
Representatives or any Subcontractors in connection with the performance or failure to properly perform
any of IUAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including the IUAA Activities. The provisions of this
paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of four
years.

(k) Upon prior written notice, IUAA shall permit Bank, at Bank?s sole cost and expense, and shall cause
its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s
(including Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of IUAA and its
Representatives and Subcontractors with respect to IUAA?s, its Representatives and, its Subcontractor?s
policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws and records as they
relate to the Program, Information security, IUAA Activities and performance of IUAA?s duties and

-9-
