DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

for by the IS027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or
replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board or any successor organization). UM will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to
delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) UM acknowledges that Bank has directed UM's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and UM has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of UM.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UM.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of UM. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as
a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UM.

(f) {[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]]

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, UM acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
when using UM?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless UM consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade. Bank may
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) UM and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:

-10-

EXECUTION Copy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
