12.

the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated
earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated program remains
subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case
as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, IUAA agrees that neither IUAA nor any IUAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IUAA may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by IUAA, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided
further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms
or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11(f) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to IUAA effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, IUAA agrees that it shall (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) promptly destroy from all its
systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) promptly destroy all such
nformation that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof
in any medium whatsoever. IUAA and its Representatives shall have the right to retain Information: (a)
stored in standard archival or computer back-up systems; (b) retained pursuant to normal document
retention practices; (c) retained for litigation or to the extent required by Applicable Law; or (d) pursuant
0 professional accounting obligations, provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues
?0 be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. IUAA shall promptly certify its compliance
with the requirements of this Section upon Bank?s request (email being sufficient). The provisions of this
Subsection 11(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and until the
nformation is no longer retained and is destroyed.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the
entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s), merge(s),
and integrate(s) herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations,
understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Previous Agreement except as
expressly provided herein), whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

-18-
