Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any Claims relating to the license or the
use of any AU Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, AU represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is AU or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. AU represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. AU represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to AU with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to AU until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form)
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise
provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify AU in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
AU?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to AU, upon 90 days advance written
notice.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to AU with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any

student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

-11-

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
