(a)

such as t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s and BU?s judgment for the
solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. BU will have approval of the use and
appearance of the BU Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Section 2(d), but grants
Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay
any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums)
royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of BU, a BU
Affiliate or University for such gifts or premiums. BU waives such payments from any third
party(ies) (and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and
will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to
this waiver. Ifa third party should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums
(or otherwise prevent the realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such
amount(s) from Royalties.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, BU acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products")
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject
to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when using BU?s Marketing Lists for
Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail
copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless BU consents to Bank?s use
of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits
and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a connection with
Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it
obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in connection
with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and
shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

BU and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) ?It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) | No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect;

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

Page 6 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
