agreement, or the transactions contemplated by this agreement or any related agreement. Each Party
hereto certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative, agent or attorney of any other Party has
represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to
enforce the foregoing waiver, (b) such Party understands and has considered the implications of this
waiver, (c) such Party makes this waiver voluntarily, and (d) such Party has been induced to enter into
this agreement and each related agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and
certifications in this Subsection. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(r} Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or
reserved to either Party (including any termination pursuant to Section 11) is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and each and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to
any other right or remedy under this Agreement, or under law or regulation, whether now or hereafter
existing.

(s) Except as expressly provided otherwise herein, neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special,
indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, lost
profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages, provided,
however, that the limitations set forth in this Subsection shall not apply to or in any way limit the
obligations of GKIHS?s gross negligence or willful misconduct (or the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of its Subcontractors, and its and their respective Representatives).

13. ACCOUNTHOLDER LIST

(a) Furnishing the Accountholder List. Unless a notice of termination has been given by either party, Bank
will, as agreed to by the parties from time to time, furnish an Accountholder List (e.g., name and address
of Accountholders) to GKIHS. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Bank be required under this
Agreement to provide GKIHS with any information other than certain information concerning Credit
Card Accounts or Customers with a Credit Card Account in accordance with the terms of this Section 13.
Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement, Bank will not furnish any Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information otherwise required to be provided by it to GKIHS, and may restrict any use
by GKIHS of any Accountholder List or Accounthoider information that is furnished by Bank to, if Bank is
prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of any law, regulation, bank-wide
privacy policy, public privacy pledge, court order, rule, consent decree, or individual present or former
Accountholder request, or if furnishing the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information or its
intended use would create an additional regulatory compliance burden on Bank.

(b) Permitted Use of Accountholder List. GKiHS shall not use the Accountholder List for any purpose not
expressly permitted by Bank in this Agreement or in a separate writing. GKIHS will comply with all
applicable laws, rules, regulations and court orders or rulings applicable to GKIHS in their use of the
Accountholder List and Accountholder Information. GKIHS agrees to secure the Accountholder List in
accordance with the requirements of this Section and Bank?s instructions, as communicated by Bank to
GKIHS from time to time. GKIHS will only permit access to the Accountholder List to those employees,
volunteers, agents, and/or representatives of GKIHS who need such access to perform their duties
relating to this Agreement. GKIHS shall instruct all those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or
representatives who work with any Accountholder List of GKIHS?s duties and limitations under this
Agreement.

(c) No Transfer of Accountholder List. All Accountholder Lists are confidential and remain the sole property
of Bank even when in GKIHS?s possession. GKIHS will keep all Accountholder Lists confidential and will
not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or

17

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL. HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT {EXECUTION COPY )
