the ISU Card Program does not use Trademarks in a manner that causes or is likely to cause Members to
confuse the ISUCard Program with the Program, and the features and functions of the ISUCard Program
as structured and delineated as of the Effective Date will not add a credit feature or function during the
Term.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant toa GIP in which ISUAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement set forth in Section 10 hereunder.

?GIP Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Sections A.4, B.4 and C.4 of
Schedule A.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

e
?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection-5(d). ~ (e) X)

?ISU? has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement and means lowa State
University of Science and Technology and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated with,
the lowa State University, including but not limited to the lowa State University Department of Athletics
and ISUTLO.

?ISUCard Program? means the ISU student/faculty/staff identification card program with stored value
feature and optional ATM and PIN debit card functions.

?ISUAA? has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.
?ISUAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by ISUAA (including such services

further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).
