(b) AU agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) AU authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) AU shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an AU Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. AU shall obtain such approval exclusively
through AU?s Office of Trademark Management and Licensing. If there is a proposed change to program
materials because of a change in the AU Trademarks, and where Bank is unable to use up inventory of
collateral and similar materials, prior to Bank incurring any cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit
cards) Bank will inform AU of the costs of such change. If the Parties are unable to agree on an allocation
of the cost then Bank may refuse to make such change. If the Parties agree on an allocation of costs,
Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due AU, provided that Bank notifies AU of the
anticipated costs before they are incurred. If such costs exceed Royalties then due AU, upon demand AU
shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, AU shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that AU shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that AU not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. AU shall provide the Marketing List at no
cost to Bank. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, AU shall provide the first Marketing List, containing
the required information for at least one hundred thirty thousand (130,000) non-duplicate Member
names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after AU?s execution of this Agreement. With each
delivery to Bank, AU represents that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) AU shall, and shall cause any AU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to AU. Notwithstanding the above, AU may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to AU. Any correspondence received by AU that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by AU shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by AU that are intended for
Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) AU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited license to use the AU Trademarks with the
Program and, subject AU?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with the
Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall
remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the AU
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such AU Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. AU shall provide Bank all AU
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after AU?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
