. unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this
Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or
exhibits, renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement,
instrument or document;

. references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount
at the close of business on such day;

. any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be
due on the first Business Day thereafter;

. References to money or dollar amounts (?S$?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise
specified;

? A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

? accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles;

? terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning,

and those terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall
be interpreted in accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other
business contexts; and,

? when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be
done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating
such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period
shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF AU

(a) AU agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither AU nor
any AU Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, except as may be
required to comply with Alabama bid law: (i) endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit
proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or
allow to exist the use by others of the AU Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial
Service Products (or the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other than Bank; and (iii)
sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its
marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if AU or any AU
Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, AU shall not, and shall cause AU
Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or
method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, AU may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial
institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by AU
of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

Notwithstanding the forgoing, Bank?s exclusivity provided for in this Agreement shall not prohibit
Auburn University Athletics and University?s Athletics Multimedia Rights Partner (collectively,
?Athletics?) from endorsing, sponsoring, advertising, aiding, developing, marketing, soliciting a Financial
Services Product, provided that AU shall not permit: (x) any Financial Services Product offered by
Athletics to use the AU Trademarks provided to Bank pursuant to this Agreement; (y) Athletics to have
access to or use the Marketing List in connection with such Financial Services Product; and (z) the
marketing of such Financial Services Product in AU Marketing Channels and AU Alumni channels or at
AU Alumni events.

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
