(f)

(g)

(h)

(a)

(c)

names, as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after UHAA?s execution of this
Agreement.

UHAA will, and will cause any UHAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to UHAA.
Notwithstanding the above, UHAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from
its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to UHAA. Any correspondence received by UHAA
that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded
to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All
reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by UHAA will be paid by Bank.

UHAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UHAA
Trademarks and such University Trademarks as UHAA has a right to re-license to Bank for the
sole purpose of the Program. This license transfers to an assignee of this Agreement. This
license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will apply to such UHAA
Trademarks and such University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such UHAA
Trademarks or such University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UHAA will provide Bank all UHAA
Trademark and applicable University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art)
required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after
UHAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UHAA from
granting to other persons a license to use the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
an UHAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited
by this Section 2(h). UHAA may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the
Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program. UHAA shall not
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to
register any UHAA Trademark or University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks
that contain UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks to promote or identify the Program
and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only
during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any UHAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by
or on behalf of UHAA.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any UHAA Marketing Effort.

Page 5 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

