(a)

(b)

the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify UHAA in writing of
Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to
address the Impact. If, within thirty (30) business days after UHAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the
Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate
either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without
penalty or liability to UHAA, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than
the Agreement as provided for in this Section 5(b), such terminated program remains subject to
the provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any
other section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of this
Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect
to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case, as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation,
changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may be offered, as a benefit under the
Program, opportunities to select other ancillary products and services.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of
disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or
entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
UHAA will be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information
as confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any
governmental regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the party disclosing
Information to its Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by their Agents.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31,
2018. This Agreement will automatically extend at the end of the initial term or any renewal
term for successive two-year periods, unless either party gives written notice of its intention not
to renew at least ninety (90) and not more than one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the end of
the then current term or renewal term, as applicable.

Notwithstanding Section 8(a) above, the right to not renew the Agreement pursuant to this
Section 8 of the Agreement may also be used by Bank to terminate the Deposit Program only or
Credit Card Program only as of the end of any current term of the Agreement, with the exception
that such non-renewal notice, to be valid and effective, must be received by UHAA on or before

Page 8 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

