4.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) UICA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that Licensed Trademarks
may be used hereunder by Bank, UICA represents and warrants to Bank that UICA has the right and
power to license the UICA Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as
contemplated by this Agreement and to license and provide the Member List(s) to Bank for the
promotion of the Program. UICA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including
their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability,
causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection
therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or
sublicense granted herein, as the case may be, from Bank's use of the Licensed Trademarks in reliance
thereon, or from the Bank?s use of any Member List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall
promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the
use of any Licensed Trademarks or Member List. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c} As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, UICA represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors(and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is UICA or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. UICA represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. UICA represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

-14-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF lowA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE... .DOCX
