to campliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections.
GAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or ta (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause
its subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid
within 30 days of written natice to GAA shall be deemed a material breach by GAA of this Agreement.
The provisions of this Subsection 2(j) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term fora
period of two years.

(k) GAA acknowledges that Bank has directed GAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and GAA has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

Iv

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develap, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members. Bank agrees that it
will nat enter into an agreement with the University Athletic Department or any other department
of the University for the provisions of a credit card.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any GAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of GAA.

(c) Bank shalt bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any GAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
accaount(s) independently of GAA.

(e) Bank shalt use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to
whom promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain
the sole property of GAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall awn all information
that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship.
This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided
however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an
endorsement by GAA.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place GAA Trademarks on gifts for individuals
completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-shirts, hats,
?pobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card
Account applications. GAA will have approval rights of the use and appearance of the GAA
Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use
approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any
producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other
compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of GAA or a GAA Affiliate for such
gifts or premiums. GAA waives such payments from any third party(ies) (and/or agrees to cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actians to give effect to this waiver. Ifa third party should
refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization

4

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

