(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
an ISUAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively
to Bank. ISUAA may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. ISUAA shall not (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shail survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within one Business Day of receipt, ISUAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of ISUAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent
reasonably requested, ISUAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer
Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2{i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain ISUAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). tnitially and on an annual basis ISUAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training, which shall be reasonable in
terms of scope and time required for completion. Upon Bank?s request, ISUAA shall cease to perform,
and shall cause any Subcontractors {and their respective Representatives) to cease performing ISUAA
Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by ISUAA, such
Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, ISUAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. ISUAA grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to reasonably
monitor and review such compliance on the part of ISUAA, its Subcontractors (and its and their
respective Representatives}.

(3) ISUAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
ISUAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. ISUAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all ISUAA Activities, whether performed by ISUAA or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). ISUAA shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of ISUAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including
the ISUAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, ISUAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate and cooperate with Bank?s
(including Bank?s Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of ISUAA and
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) with respect to ISUAA?s and its Subcontractor?s

-9-
