10.

GROUP MARKETING

(a)(1) With Bank?s prior written consent, UICA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program; provided UICA pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses associated
with such efforts; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for
treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). UICA will design and
produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. UICA will seek
Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(2) Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UICA to the compensation for GIP specified
in Schedule A-2 (?GIP Compensation?), subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by UICA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or
arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or
reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Compensation.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UICA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UICA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials requested by UICA and created
pursuant to any Group Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be promptly
reimbursed by UICA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, UICA will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f} UICA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UICA?s webpage, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UICA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at UICA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UICA to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A-2, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. UICA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, UICA will provide Bank with the ability (including
unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the UICA internet site(s), including any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term, UICA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an ongoing basis the
following Group Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online marketing efforts,
which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application
telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters,
welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not

-18-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF [OWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
