review such compliance on the part of AAAI, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) AAAI shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
AAAI Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. AAAI shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all AAAI Activities, whether performed by AAAI or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). AAAI shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of AAAI?s obligation under this Agreement, including the
AAAI Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, AAAI shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of AAAI and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to AAAI?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, AAAI Activities and performance of
AAAI?s duties and obligations hereunder (including AAAI Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to AAAI?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. AAAI shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to
compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections.
AAAI?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30
days of written notice to AAAI shall be deemed a material breach by AAAI of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(0) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a
period of two years.

(I) AAAI shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to AAAI Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing
by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of
7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to AAAI?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with AAAI Activities. AAAI will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental
Authority for Bank?s Information within AAAI?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, AAAI shall reasonably
cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of AAAI or otherwise made
available to AAAI and requested in writing by Bank, AAAI will promptly deliver to Bank at AAAI? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering AAAI?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing AAAI Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement

9

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
