{e) In the event that any material change in any applicable law, statute, operating rule or
regulation, or any material change in any operating rule or regulation of either VISA or
MasterCard makes the continued performance of this Agreement under the then current terms
and conditions unduly burdensome, then MBNA America shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. Such written notice shall include an
explanation and evidence of the burden imposed as a result of such change.

(f) For a one (1) year period following the termination of this Agreement for any reason,

FIUAA agrees that neither FIUAA norany FIUAA Affiliate shall by itself or in conjunction pnot

with others, directly or indirectly, specifically target any offer of a credit or charge card or credit PLEASE
or charge card related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

FIUAA may, after termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the

opportunity to participate in another credit or charge card program endorsed by the FIUAA

provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a INITIAL
general solicitation to all Members and provided further no such persons are directly or indirectly

identified as a customer of MBNA America, or offered any terms or incentives different from

that offered to all Members.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

(b) The obligations in Sections 5(b), 8, 11(c), 11(d) and 11(?) shall survive any termination of
this Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed
a waiver of such right or any other rights.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed
as part of this Agreement.

(ec) Ifany part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or

unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and be
construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been contained herein.

PLEASE

INITIAL

8 of 16
LAWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY.DOC
