11.

Bank to view all Program material, ACS will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login
credentials} to access any and all pages within the ACS internet site(s), including any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) Subsections (c}, (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a} In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. if
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of
notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the
Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or ACS:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(if) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or the
corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case
is pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an assignment
of all or substantially all of its assets to such a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the
United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws) for such Party or all or
substantially all of its assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-
faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so;

: {v)_ makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation;

(vi) becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets; or

(vii) ceases to conduct business for a period of over two weeks,

then the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice
given by such Party as provided herein.

{c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall, except as set forth in
Subsection 11(d), cease to use the ACS Trademarks for Program marketing purposes, provided that Bank
may conclude all solicitations required by Applicable Law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement, Bank shall not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the ACS Trademarks or to the
Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 11(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(d) Bank shail have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating

or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by or on
behalf of ACS or any ACS Affiliate to the Members. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this

-15-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_vi.docxDraft?American-Chemicat Seciety
fink 3 0g-213
