2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UCIAA

(a) UCIAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither
UCIAA nor any UCIAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University,
directly or indirectly: (i) endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs
offering, or discuss with any organization {other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service
Products of any entity other than Bank; {ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the |
use by others of the UCIAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products (or the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other than Bank;
and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available
any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if
UCIAA or any UCIAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, UCIAA shall not,
and shall cause UCIAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any
payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in
this Agreement to the contrary, UCIAA may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted)
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express
or implied endorsement by UCIAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product.

(b) UCIAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) UCIAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) UCIAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an UCIAA Trademark or
University Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank
incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the UCIAA Trademarks
or University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may
deduct such costs from any Royalties due UCIAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due UCIAA, upon
demand UCIAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UCIAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UCIAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that UCIAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is
under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a |
cost because of a charge assessed by UCIAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due UCIAA. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand UCIAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, UCIAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the
required information for at least one hundred forty thousand (140,000) non-duplicate Member names,
as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UCIAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each
delivery to Bank, UCIAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in
accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UCIAA shall, and shall cause any UCIAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program

-7-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28
