cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of UCIAA or otherwise made
available to UCIAA and requested in writing by Bank, UCIAA will promptly deliver to Bank at UCIAA? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering UCIAA?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing UCIAA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type Ii Audit Report (or any successor or replacement
reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the 15027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the |S027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). UCIAA will not require, and will cause its
Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further
agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) UCIAA acknowledges that Bank has directed UCIAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and
UCIAA has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shail design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
UCIAA.

{c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's |
account(s) independently of UCIAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent \
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any i
other purpose, Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of UCIAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UCIAA, |

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place UCIAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including t-
shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card
Account applications. UCIAA will have approval rights of the use and appearance of the UCIAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants

-10-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal} 2016-06-28
