?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).

?Premium Reward Accaunt? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
GAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial Service
Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more GAA Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. In the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as

determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GAA complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.
?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such work in Subsection 2(i).

"UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

26

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
