provide Bank all UBAA Trademark and production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for
the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UBAA?s execution of this Agreement.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UBAA from granting to other persons a license to use the
UBAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term,
UBAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the
Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
UBAA Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. UBAA may not (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UBAA shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, UBAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of UBAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent
reasonably requested, UBAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer
Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain UBAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). \nitially and on an annual basis UBAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, UBAA
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing UBAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by UBAA, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to
the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, UBAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. UBAA grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of UBAA, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) UBAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
UBAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. UBAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all UBAA Activities, whether performed by UBAA or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). UBAA shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of UBAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including

-8-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
