duties and obligations hereunder (including ACS Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or
delegated to ACS?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shail have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of
Bank?s written notice. ACS shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with
Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. ACS?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
{and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to ACS shall be deemed a material breach by ACS of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(0) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(p) ACS shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to ACS Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the
Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years
from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law.
Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to ACS?s customers other than
applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with ACS
Activities. ACS will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s
Information within ACS?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, ACS shall reasonably cooperate with Bank
in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(p)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(q) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of ACS or otherwise made
available to ACS and requested in writing by Bank, ACS will promptly deliver to Bank at ACS? s expense a
copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
ACS?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing
ACS Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any
one or more of the 1S027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter
provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor
or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board or any successor organization). ACS will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to
delivering such reports to Bank.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) ?Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
ACS.

-9-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_vi.docxDraft?American- Chemical Society
fini BAR
