(g)

(h)

(i)

G)

(k)

10)

(m)

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the
matters covered herein, including, without limitation, the Original Agreement. This Agreement
does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement
between the parties that survives termination of that agreement. Without the prior written
consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably withheld, UAAA may not assign any of its
rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may assign any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any other person without the prior consent of UAAA. Bank
may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.
Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through
Bank?s affiliates. Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement.

Bank and UAAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither party
will have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or will be construed to confer upon
or give any person other than UAAA and Bank, their successors and assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

Neither party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any person or
entity which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other
or any of its Affiliates, whether or not the statement is true and whether or not it is characterized
as confidential.

Neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government
laws, rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of
carriers or other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or
avoidable, and without the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed party
(?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for more than one hundred twenty (120) days
by providing the delayed party with least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by the delayed party within ten (10) days after the
expiration of the one hundred twenty (120) day period.

This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. The parties
hereto agree to accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct
original and admissible as best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper
jurisdiction.

This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the parties hereto and their respective
counsel. No provision or section of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or

against either party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the
draftsman, or any similar doctrine.

13

Tue,17 Feb 2015 7:00:53
