mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will
be addressed as follows:

dd) ~?sIfto BU:

Brandeis University
415 South Street/MS 110
Waltham, Massachusetts 02454

ATTENTION: Mr. Christopher J. O?Brien
Assistant Vice President Financial Affairs and

University CanteeHer Teens f LESL
Fax #: (781) 736-8151
(2) If to Bank:

FIA Card Services, N. A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Fax #: (302) 432-3702

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

(g) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and supersedes al! prior promises and agreements, written or oral,
with respect to the matters covered herein, including, without limitation, the Original
Agreement. This Agreement does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or
provision of any other agreement between the parties that survives termination of that
agreement. Without the prior written consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably
withheld, BU may not assign any of its rights or obligations under or arising from this
Agreement. Bank may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under or
arising from this Agreement without the prior written consent of BU, which will not be
unreasonably withheld; provided however, that Bank may assign, without consent, any of
its rights or obligations under this Agreement:

(i) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than any Bank
Affiliate) pursuant to a sale (other than a sale as described in subsection
(ii), below) as long as such prospective buyer has substantially similar
customer satisfaction standards as Bank; or

(ii) _ to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than any Bank
Affiliate) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or
substantially all the assets of Bank; or

Page 12 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
