?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

?University? means The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and any office or department of, or
affiliated or associated with, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, including but not limited to
the athletic department and the office of student affairs of The University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill.

Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules shall
apply: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii) ?or? is not exclusive and
?include? and ?including? are not limiting and the word ?any? means ?any or ail?; (iii) a reference to any
agreement or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; {iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule
or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a Section or paragraph in
this Agreement shall, uniess the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-
components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,?
and other words of like import shail, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of
this Agreement and not to any particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise
noted; {vili) to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by
either or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or
consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text clearly
indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed.

27

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
