(f)

(g)

unreasonably withheld or delayed. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards)
because of a change in LSUAA Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar
materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due LSUAA. If such costs exceed Royalties
then due LSUAA, if requested by Bank, LSUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, LSUAA shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that LSUAA shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that LSUAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age
of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
charge assessed by LSUAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List,
Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due LSUAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due LSUAA,
if requested by Bank, LSUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. LSUAA shall provide the
first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least one hundred thirty four thousand
(134,000) non-duplicate alumni Member names and mailing addresses, as soon as possible but no later
than 30 days after LSUAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, LSUAA represents
and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including
but not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

LSUAA shall, and shall cause any LSUAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to LSUAA.
Notwithstanding the above, LSUAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to LSUAA. Any correspondence received by LSUAA that is intended
for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by LSUAA shall be paid by Bank.

LSUAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use LSUAA Trademarks with
the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect
for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to LSUAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer
of such LSUAA Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation,
organization, or individual. LSUAA shall provide Bank all LSUAA Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
LSUAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits LSUAA from granting
to other persons a license to use LSUAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other
service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. LSUAA represents, warrants and
covenants to Bank that it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a LSUAA
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such
Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(h). LSUAA may not use any
Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement, LSUAA shall not register or attempt
to register any Program Trademark, Bank shall not register or attempt to register any LSUAA
Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain LSUAA Trademarks to promote or identify
the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement

