ADDENDUM

THIS ADDENDUM (the "Addendum") is entered into as of the 1 day of December, 2014, (the
?Addendum Effective Date?), by and between University of Central Florida Foundation, Incorporated,
on behalf of itself and University of Central Florida Alumni Association ("UCFF") and Bank of
America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.) ("Bank"), for themselves and their
respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS. UCFF and Bank are parties to that certain Royalty Agreement effective July 1,
2014, as the same may have been amended (the ?Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial
services to persons included in lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCFF: and,

NOW. THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, UCFF
and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings assigned to them in the

Agreement.

2. Effective July 1, 2014, Section 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended to include the following
definition:

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the

Agreement.
3. For the sake of clarity, the definition for ?Member? shall not include any student of UCFF.
4. For the sake of clarity, Royalties will not be paid for student Credit C ard Accounts.
5. The second sentence of Section 2(f) of the Agreement is hereby deleted.
6. The third sentence of Section 2(g) of the Agreement is hereby amended to begin with, ?Except as

provided in Section 10(d)....?.

7. The first sentence of Section 4(b) of the Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety with the
following:

UCFF represents and warrants to Bank that, as of the date hereof, throughout the term of
this Agreement and for any period thereafter, UCFF has the right and power to: (i) license
UCFF Trademarks to Bank for the uses contemplated by this Agreement: (ii) provide the
Member Contact List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program: and (iii) wind down
the program in accord with Section 10(d).

9. The third sentence in Section 5(b) is hereby amended by replacing reference to Section 12(b)
with reference to Section 1 1(b).
1
