?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the agreement,
excluding those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Sections A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule
A.

?ESAUT Affiliate? means any Affiliate of ESAUT. For purposes of this Agreement, University shall not be
considered an Affiliated of ESAUT.

?ESAUT Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?ESAUT Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant to
ESAUT Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?ESAUT Rewards? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in the Recitals.

?ESAUT Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by, ESAUT (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including its and their respective
Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including ESAUT
Marketing Efforts).

?ESAUT Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of ESAUT or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by ESAUT or any
ESAUT Affiliate prior to or during the Term as set forth in Schedule C. ESAUT Trademarks shall not include
any University Trademarks.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).
?Financial Service Product? means the products offered in the Credit Card Program and the Deposit
Program, or the functional equivalent of both, and any other financial service program or product as

mutually agreed upon by Bank and ESAUT.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which ESAUT complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

28
