be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term, and during the period that AAAI Trademarks
remain in use hereunder, AAAI represents and warrants to Bank that AAAI has the right and power to
license AAAI Trademarks, and sublicense the University Trademarks contained in the AAAI Trademarks,
to Bank solely for the use contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank
for the promotion of the Program. AAAI shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates
(including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all
liability, causes of action, and claims attributable to AAAI and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and
expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from
the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case may be, from Bank's use of the AAAI Trademarks
and University Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the
Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints
relating to the license or the use of any AAAI Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of thisAgreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, AAAI represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is AAAI or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. AAAI represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. AAAI represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to AAAI with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to AAAI until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as
otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter. Upon expiration or termination of this
Agreement (provided that termination is not caused by a breach of AAAI), Bank shall pay anyremaining

11

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
