DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

(3) UM shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
UM Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. UM shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all UM Activities, whether performed by UM or any Subcontractor
(including their respective Representatives). UM shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or
omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to
properly perform any of UM?s obligation under this Agreement, including the UM Activities. The
provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, UM shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of UM and Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) with respect to UM?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, UM Activities and performance of UM?s
duties and obligations hereunder (including UM Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or
delegated to UM?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of
Bank?s written notice. UM shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with
Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. UM?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to UM shall be deemed a material breach by UM of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(I) UM shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to UM Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the
Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years
from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law.
Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to UM?s customers other than
applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with UM
Activities. UM will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s
Information within UM?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, UM shall reasonably cooperate with Bank
in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(!)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down
Period.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of UM or otherwise made
available to UM and requested in writing by Bank, UM will promptly deliver to Bank at UM? s expense a
copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
UM?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing UM
Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter
provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or
more of the 1S027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided

-9-

EXECUTION CoPY- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
