(m)

{n)

13.

carriers or other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or
avoidable, and without the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed party
(?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for more than one hundred twenty (120) days
by providing the delayed party with least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by the delayed party within ten (10) days after the
expiration of the one hundred twenty (120) day period.

This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. The parties
hereto agree to accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct
original and admissible as best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper
jurisdiction.

This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the parties hereto and their respective
counsel. No provision or section of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or
against either party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the
draftsman, or any similar doctrine.

MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION

CAA and Bank each will indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its directors, officers,
agents, employees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns (the ?Indemnitees?) from and
against any and all liability, causes of action, claims, and the reasonable and actual costs incurred
in connection therewith (?Losses?), resulting from the material breach of this Agreement by
CAA or Bank, respectively as the case may be, or its directors, officers or employees. Each
party shall promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any
claims or complaints that may reasonably result in the indemnification by the other party.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties, by its representative, has executed this Agreement as of

the Effective Date.

The Trustees of Columbia University in the FIA Card Services, N.A.

City of New York, on behalf of Columbia
Alumni Association

By: d Le By: Zs
Name: _ Fred Van Sickle Name: featy fgest

Title: Executive Vice President Title: nel ce GusitenT

University Development and Alumni Relations Ab4hnity ? Croup Gauk inf
Date: March 30, 2012 Date: ?/a y fold
Page 13 of 19

CONFIDENTIAL
