?UNCCAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UNCCAA. For the purposes of this Agreement, ?UNCCAA Affiliate?
shall be expressly limited to the University of North Carolina at Charlotte Alumni Association and its
departments or units. ?UNCCAA Affiliate? shall not include any other UNC Charlotte boards, colleges,
departments, units, office, organizations, or entities.

?UNCCAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of UNCCAA or its Affiliates and
any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by UNCCAA or any UNCCAA
Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Foundation and UNCCAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by Foundation and
UNCCAA (including such services further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their

respective Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group

Marketing Efforts .

?Foundation and UNCCAA Marketing Channels? means digital channels, Foundation and UNCCAA events and
print.

?University? means The University of North Carolina at Charlotte and any office or department of, or affiliated
or associated with, The University of North Carolina at Charlotte.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules

apply:

the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;
?and? is conjunctive only;
?include? and ?including? are not limiting;
?any? means ?any or all?;
a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;
any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and complete
copy;
the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction contemplated by
or provided for in this Agreement.
a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to
this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular Section, Schedule or
Exhibit is the intended reference);
the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.
a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the
contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any particular clause
hereof;
?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;

5-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
