DocuSign Envelope 1D: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C38

The University shall be responsible for the negligent acts and omissions of its officers, agents,
employees and representatives with respect to its obligations under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, however, the Parties hereto
understand and agree that liability for claims and injuries to persons or property arising out
of the negligence of the State of Colorado, its departments, institutions, agencies, boards,
officials and employees is controlled and limited by the provisions of C.R.S. ? 24-10-101, et
seq., as amended. Any provision of this Agreement, whether or not incorporated herein by
reference, shall be controlled, limited and otherwise modified so as to limit any liability of
the University of Colorado Boulder and the State of Colorado to the above cited laws.

It is specifically understood and agreed that nothing contained in this paragraph or
elsewhere in this Agreement shall be construed as an express or implied waiver by the
University of Colorado Boulder of its governmental! immunity or of the governmental
immunity of the State of Colorado, as an express or implied acceptance by the University of
Colorado Boulder of liabilities arising as a result of actions which lie in tort or could lie in tort
in excess of the liabilities allowable under the Colorado Governmental immunity Act, C.R.S.
24-10-101 et seq., as a pledge of the full faith and credit of the State of Colorado, or as the
assumption by the University of Colorado Boulder of a debt, contract or liability of Bank or its
affiliates in violation of Article XI, Section 1 of the Constitution of the State of Colorado.

(t) As of the Effective Date, the Parties hereby agree that the Previous Agreement is terminated, and
the Parties, rights and obligations with respect to the Program shall be governed by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the Previous Agreement shall govern the Parties?
relationship with respect to any claim or obligation arising prior to the Effective Date.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

-22-
