days of written notice to Foundation and UNCCAA shall be deemed a material breach by Foundation and
UNCCAA of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(m) Foundation and UNCCAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, ina
reasonably accessible location, all records pertaining to Foundation and UNCCAA Activities for the period of time
as instructed in writing by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the lesser of:
(i) a period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to Foundation?s and
UNCCAA?s Members other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with Foundation and UNCCAA Activities. Foundation and UNCCAA will give prior notice to Bank of
requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s possession
or control (including, if applicable, that of their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s
written request, Foundation and UNCCAA shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order
with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(m) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period.

(n) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of Foundation and UNCCAA or otherwise
made available to Foundation and UNCCAA and requested in writing by Bank, Foundation and UNCCAA will
promptly deliver to Bank at Bank?s expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation,
assurance and/or audit report covering Foundation and UNCCAA?s and Subcontractors (and their
Representatives) operations as a services organization providing Foundation and UNCCAA Activities such as a
Statement of Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) 18 audit of its internal controls. Foundation and
UNCCAA will not require, and will cause their Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such
reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank. Any report
produced to Bank shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.

(o) Foundation and UNCCAA acknowledge that Bank has directed Foundation and UNCCAA's attention to 12
C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and Foundation and UNCCAA have reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program in substantial compliance with
Applicable Law. The Parties agree that this Agreement may not be terminated pursuant to Section 11(a) herein
for a breach of this Section 3(a) unless such breach causes material adverse impact to the Program, Foundation
and UNCCAA, or a majority of Customers under the Program.

(b) Subject to Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s rights of prior approval contained in this Agreement, Bank shall
design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program including, if Bank provides
specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of Foundation and
UNCCAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in Bank
Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of Foundation and UNCCAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose.
Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material

-10-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
