SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of the first day of July, 2020 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and New York University, a New York not-for-profit education corporation having its principal place of
business in New York, New York (?University? or ?NYU?), on behalf of New York University Alumni Association
(?NYUAA?, and collectively with Bank and University, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, University and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated July 1, 2013, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain

financial services to NYU alumni and others in affiliation with NYUAA; and,

WHEREAS, the Parties mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as of
the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the
Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? means a Person?s accountants, lawyers, financial advisors, marketing advisors, Affiliates and
employees.

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A, B, and C as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any applicable: (i) federal, state, or local law
(including common law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or
guidance, regulatory examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders
including judicial or administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing;
(ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) with respect to Bank, any

-1-
