7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information, proprietary
information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third parties
provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its subcontractors
or any of its or their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party, ?Recipient?) prior
to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include information developed,
produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient
to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in
writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive in
this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority and
entities therewith (including GAA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

(c) GAA shall keep and shall cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives to keep)
all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information, the Accountholder List and Accountholder
Information) confidential and shal! not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give
away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and shall cause its
subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer) any such
information to any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for
uses agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, GAA shall be
liable for any breach of this Section by its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives. If
GAA receives a request or demand to disclose information (including Nonpublic Personal Information,
the Accountholder List and Accountholder Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of
competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, GAA will:
(i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request; (ii)
consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request;
and (iii) if disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to
obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion
of such information to be disclosed that Bank designates.

During the Term and thereafter until GAA and its subcontractors and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information GAA will
have, maintain and continually assess (and cause its subcontractors and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents to have, maintain and continually assess) an information security program
that is designed to: (i) ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of Information (including use of a
change control process to ensure that access to its systems (and those of its subcontractors and its and
their respective Representatives and Agents) and information is controlled and recorded); (ii) protect
against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Information which includes the
use of up-to-date commercially available virus and malicious code detection and protection products;
(iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of Information that could resuit in substantial harm or
inconvenience to a Customer or applicant in respect of the Program; and (iv) ensure the proper return of

(d

7

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

