?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable this Agreement including Schedule
A, except those Royalties described in Section A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, deposit program, debit card program
associated with a deposit program, or the functional equivalent of any such product.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which JMG complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).
?JMG Affiliate? means any Affiliate of JMG.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format as mutually agreed by the Parties)
containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available,
telephone numbers (including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least
eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics,
provided that the Marketing List provided to Bank will not include any current full or part-time student
at the University of Georgia.

?Member? means alumni, parents, donors, and friends of the University of Georgia, season ticket
holders at University of Georgia athletic events, and non-student members of the University of Georgia
Foundation, and any other potential participants mutually agreed to by JMG and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
