(and their respective Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance
with Applicable Laws and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, ISUAA Activities,
and performance of ISUAA?s duties and obligations hereunder (including ISUAA Activities and whether
undertaken or conducted by or delegated to ISUAA?s Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives). Bank shall have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections.
The Parties shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or
inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. ISUAA shall promptly
remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate
any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws and this Agreement as a result
of such audits, tests or inspections. ISUAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly
remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written notice to ISUAA shall be deemed a material
breach by ISUAA of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(I) ISUAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to ISUAA Activities for the period of time as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to ISUAA?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with ISUAA Activities. ISUAA will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental
Authority for Bank's Information within ISUAA?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, ISUAA shall reasonably
cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for the period of time
to retain any relevant records under Applicable Law.

(m} ISUAA acknowledges that Bank has directed ISUAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and
ISUAA has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
ISUAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of ISUAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any

-10-
