(I) No Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other Parties or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(m) No Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws,
rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or
other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without
the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The
non-delayed Parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition
endures for more than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of
such termination, which notice must be received by the delayed Party within 10 days after the
expiration of the 120 day period.

(n) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to
accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as
best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that if a
representative of each of the Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and
transmits such Agreement to the other Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted
portable document format, the Agreement shall be treated in all manner and respects as having an
original signature (or counterpart thereof) and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects
as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of a Party, each other
Party hereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall
raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic signature or electronic transmission in portable document
format or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of facsimile
machine or electronic transmission in portable document format as a defense to this Agreement and
each such Person forever waives any such defense. The provisions of this Subsection 12(n) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(o) This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the Parties hereto having the assistance
of counsel and other advisors. No provision of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for

or against any Party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the draftsman, or
any similar doctrine.

(p) JMG agrees to cooperate reasonably with (and to cause each of their respective Subcontractors,
and their respective Representatives, to cooperate reasonably with) each Governmental Authority with
jurisdiction over Bank in connection with any examination or other supervisory activity by such
Governmental Authority. The provisions of this Subsection 12(p) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(q) Neither any submission of this document by one Party to the other, nor any correspondence or
other communications among the Parties in connection therewith, is intended or shall be deemed to
constitute an offer of any kind or to create any obligations among the Parties unless and until one or
more duplicates of this document has been fully executed and delivered among the Parties hereto,
whereupon this document shall become the binding Agreement. Accordingly, any such submission or
communications or correspondence among the Parties or their respective agents or attorneys is intended
only as non-binding discussions, and either Party shall have the absolute right to withdraw from such
discussions at any time without any liability whatsoever to the other Parties.
