DocuSign Envelope ID: E010F265-5494-4926-9B59-AF4D9F92472C

ADDENDUM TO THE TEMPLE UNIVERSTIY
AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT

Pas
THIS ADDENDUM (the "Addendum") is entered into as of the Atay of December, 2014, (the
?Addendum Effective Date?), by and between Temple University - Of The Commonwealth System of
Higher Education, a state-related university ("University") and Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to
merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.) ("Bank"), for themselves and their respective successors and
assigns.

WHEREAS, University and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement entered into as of August 1, 2014, as the same may have been amended (the ?Agreement?)
wherein Bank provides certain financial services to persons included in lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of University; and.

WHEREAS, University and Bank mutually desire to modify the Agreement as provided for
herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
University and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

2; For clarity, ?Member,? as defined in Section 1, does not include students of University.
3% Insert the following new definition in Section 1:

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by University or any
University Affiliate prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

4. For clarity, the parties agree that as of the Effective Date, Bank will not pay Royalties for any
student Credit Card Accounts.

5, Except as amended by this Addendum, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any
inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this Addendum.

6. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered and no other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by any party or
its employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding.
