Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by
Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any of the
conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (vi) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to December 31, 2024;
(ii) UAAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement,

(iii)Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting six (6) direct mail
campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each Contract Year, or such
other number of campaigns as mutually agreed upon by the parties;

(iv)Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting two (2) dedicated e-
mail campaigns to the full updated Marketing List during each Contract Year, or
such other number of campaigns as mutually agreed upon by the parties; and

(v) Bank shall not be prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at mutually
agreed upon major UAAA events during each Contract Year.

2. If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all
prior Advances paid by it to UAAA in prior years, and pays UAAA Eligible Royalties
accrued by UAAA over and above the Eligible Royalties used by Bank to recoup such
prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the amount of any
subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

UAAA shall be guaranteed to accrue Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the
Advances) equal to or greater than three million four hundred thousand dollars ($3,400,000) (the
?Guarantee Amount?) by December 31, 2024, subject to the provisions set forth in Subsection E.1 (i)
through (v) above. If on December 31, 2024, UAAA has not accrued $3,400,000 in Eligible Royalties,
Bank will pay UAAA an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all Eligible Royalties
accrued by UAAA from the Effective Date through December 31, 2024 and all unrecouped Advances.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be
expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1 (i)
through (v), above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, UAAA will receive an
account bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to five thousand dollars ($5,000)
if at least fifty (50), but less than seventy-five (75) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts
and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in aggregate in a Contract Year become
Qualifying GIP Accounts; or

Equal to seven thousand five dollars ($7,500) if at least seventy-five (75), but less than
one hundred (100) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP
Accounts opened in aggregate in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts; or

20

Tue,17 Feb 2015 7:00:53
