13.

the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Bank, its Representatives, or its Affiliates, (ii) the improper
use of the NYUAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists in violation of this Agreement; or (iii) a material breach
of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(c) NYU will defend (at the Bank?s option), indemnify, and hold harmless the Bank, its Affiliates, its
Representatives, and its successors and assigns from and against any and all liability, causes of action,
claims, demands, suits, and proceedings and will reimburse Bank its costs, damages, fees and expenses
in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court expenses), resulting from or
arising out of: (i) NYU?s willful misconduct or gross negligence, and that of their Affiliates,
Representatives, or Subcontractors; (ii) Bank's permitted use of the NYUAA Trademarks or Marketing
List(s); or (iii) NYU?s material breach of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 13(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 13(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the
entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s),
merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions,
representations, understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Previous
Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether oral or written, with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be
construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written
waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver.
No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 13(c) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Titles, captions, and headings included herein are for convenience of reference only and are not
to affect the meaning, construction, or interpretation hereof or of any provision hereof.

(e) It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the
fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by
a court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable
for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the

-20-
