only during the Term. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) LSUAA shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints. By the close of business the day after receipt of any Consumer Complaint (not
including weekends or holidays), LSUAA shall provide Bank with notice of each Consumer Complaint and
all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the
possession or control of LSUAA. LSUAA shall cooperate with and to the extent reasonably requested,
assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this
Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) For the avoidance of doubt, LSUAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all LSUAA
Services,

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any LSUAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of LSUAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any LSUAA Marketing Effort. .

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of LSUAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of LSUAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it
obtains:as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however
that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by
LSUAA. : :

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place LSUAA Trademarks on gifts for individuals
completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-shirts, hats,
?pobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account
applications. LSUAA shall have approval of the use and appearance of LSUAA Trademarks used on such
materials pursuant to Section 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s
discretion, Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor (ee), or
manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or
indirectly to or on behalf of LSUAA or a LSUAA Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. LSUAA waives such
payments from any third party (ies) (and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive
such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to
give effect to this waiver. If a third party should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
