?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as
determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Fordham complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in SCHEDULE A.
?Student? means a matriculated student of Fordham.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.

?UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

(b) Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shall apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted, but not to include
days on which Fordham or Bank are officially closed; (viii) to the extent this Agreement requires the
mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both Parties hereto, unless the
text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall be granted or
denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this Agreement requires
the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text clearly indicates to the
contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall be in writing and shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF FORDHAM

(a) Fordham agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither Fordham
nor any Fordham Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor,
advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization
(other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii)
license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of Fordham Trademarks in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell,
rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its
marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if Fordham or any
Fordham Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, Fordham shall not, and

5
FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY}
