hats, "bobbleheads," or other items suitable in Bank's judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card
Account applications and specifically approved by CAA provided that all such gifts and premium items
bearing CAA Trademarks must be purchased from suppliers licensed by the University to provide such
materials. Licensed suppliers have agreed to observe the UC Code of Conduct for Trademark
Licensees. The University maintains a list of licensed suppliers on the Trademarks website located at
https://bcbp.berkeley.edu/brand-protection/using-berkeley-name-and-trademarks, CAA shall have
approval of the use and appearance of CAA Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Section
2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank's discretion. Bank will not be required
to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums)
royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of CAA or a CAA
Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. CAA waives such payments from any third party(ies) (and/or agrees
to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause
the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party should
refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of
this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, CAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
when using CAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless CAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade, money
market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts and individual
retirement accounts). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) CAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in

connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

-11-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
