of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by
Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify CAA in writing of Bank?s desire to
renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact.
If, within thirty (30) business days after CAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial
terms to address the Impact, Bank shal! have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program
or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to CAA,
upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the
Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided
for in this Section 5(b), such terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in
the sections referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the
Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of this Agreement and the rights
and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered
under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program
was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation,
changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may, as a benefit under the Program,
be offered opportunities to select credit protection and other products and services.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of
disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or
entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
CAA shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, consultants, legal,
financial and marketing advisors, and employees (?Agents?) only to the extent necessary for the
performance of their respective duties in connection with the Program, or (ii) as required by law
or requested by any governmental regulatory authority. Bank and CAA each agree that if one of
their Agents discloses such Information to another person or entity in violation of this Section 7,
or uses such Information for a purpose not expressly permitted in this Section 7, such act shall be
deemed a material breach of this Agreement by the party whose Agent it is and the non-
breaching party may, in addition to any other right or remedy available at law or in equity and
upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the other party, cease providing the other party with
any reporting (other than the royalty report described in Section 5(b)) or other information (other
than the Marketing List) concerning the Program or the Agreement, whether or not a requirement
of the Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on January 31, 2017.
After January 31, 2013, CAA or Bank may terminate the Agreement without cause by providing
one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice to the other party.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

Page 7 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL

