Affinity Agreement
Clemson Alumni Association and JMIS College, LLC

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1% day of January, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and among Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, Inc.), a national banking
association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), Clemson Alumni Association, a South Carolina
nonprofit corporation having its principal place of business in Clemson, South Carolina (?Alumni Association?,
and JMIS College, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having its principal place of business in San Diego,
California (?IMIS?) and collectively with Bank and Alumni Association, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and
their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, Clemson University Foundation, Inc. and Bank were parties to that certain Affinity Agreement
dated September 1, 2012, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provided
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of Clemson
University Foundation, Inc.;

WHEREAS, Alumni Association, an entity separate and distinct from Clemson University Foundation, Inc.,
and JMIS, mutually desire to enter into this Agreement with Bank as of the Effective Date wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of Alumni
Association in accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, JMIS is a party to this Agreement as a result of its agreement to market the University and its
Affiliates, including the Alumni Association, pursuant to a separate written agreement between JMIS and the
University (the ?IMIS/University Agreement?).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the
Parties agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or
part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of Interpretation therein shall apply to this
Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their use.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, for the purposes of this
Agreement, the representations and warranties of each of JMIS and Alumni Association shall be
severally and not jointly made; JMIS on behalf of itself and the University and the Alumni Association on
behalf of itself.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF ALUMNI ASSOCIATION AND JMIS

(a} Each of Alumni Association and JMIS respectively agree that, during the Term, Alumni
Association and JMIS respectively will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither Alumni
Association, JMIS nor their respective Affiliates, shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including
the University, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for
programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii} license, allow others to license, or use or allow to
exist the use by others of the Alumni Association Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or
for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or
otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing

1

