SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
Columbia Alumni Association

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1" day of February, 2012 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between FIA Card Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business
in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York,
on behalf of Columbia Alumni Association, a corporation having its principal place of business in New
York, New York (?CAA?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns. The
undertakings, rights, and responsibilities of CAA under this Agreement are limited to the Columbia
Alumni Association and do not bind the other constituent parts of Columbia University or Columbia
University as a whole.

WHEREAS, CAA and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement dated August 1, 1994, as the same has been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank
provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of CAA; and

WHEREAS, CAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
CAA and Bank agree as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through C.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?CAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of CAA.

?CAA Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by CAA prior to or during

Page | of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
