advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, and (b)
any record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit
Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or
otherwise possessed by or on behalf of the Bank including a compilation of such records; all of which is
the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or other grouping
of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally
identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the fact that such consumers are
or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., Bank of America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
AAAI complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service
Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more AAAI Trademarks or
University Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. In the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

4

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
