(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a MAA

(i

(a

Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank
and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). MAA
may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered
by Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. MAA shall not
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register
any MAA Trademark or University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain MAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or services
offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the Term. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MAA shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints. Within 24 hours of receipt, MAA shall provide Bank with notice of each
Consumer Complaint and all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the
extent within the possession or control of MAA. MAA shall cooperate with and to the extent reasonably
requested, assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions
of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, MAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely
performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all MAA Services.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for

materials used in any MAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of MAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in

any MAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's

z

(f

UNIVER:

account(s) independently of MAA.

Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of MAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by MAA.

Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on
gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-
shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card
Account applications. MAA shall have approval of the use and appearance of MAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Section 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use
approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any
producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation

7

sity OF Missouri ALUMNI Assoc SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy).Docx
