?Business Rewards Account? means a Business Credit Card Account carrying a Business
Rewards Enhancement.

?Business Rewards Enhancement? means the travel/merchandise reward Business Credit Card
Account enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of the Program for Business
Rewards Accounts. The Business Rewards Enhancement may be marketed under another name

as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument. A
?Student Credit Card Account? is a Credit Card Account opened through an application coded
by Bank as a student application

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts,
certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card
access and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement
accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card
program, installment loan program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or
the functional equivalent of any such product, and any other financial service programs or
products as defined in Schedule A.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which BU complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
BU conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program,
and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing
non-duplicate names (including without limitation names of business owners or authorized
officers), with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members, other than student Members, who
are at least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership
characteristics.

Page 2 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
