materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due PTK. If such costs exceed Royalties then
due PTK, if requested by Bank, PTK shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, PTK shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that PTK shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that PTK not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of
eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
charge assessed by PTK or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank
may deduct such costs from Royalties due PTK. If such costs exceed Royalties then due PTK, if requested
by Bank, PTK shail promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. PTK shall provide the first Marketing List,
containing the required information for at least seventy-five thousand (75,000) non-duplicate Member
names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after PTK?s execution of this Agreement. With each
delivery to Bank, PTK represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance
with Applicable Law, including but not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) PTK shall, and shall cause any PTK Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise communicate
with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for
current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to PTK. Notwithstanding the above, PTK
may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis,
provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by
Bank to PTK. Any correspondence received by PTK that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications,
payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by PTK shall be paid by
Bank.

(e

PTK hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use PTK Trademarks with the
Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for
the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to PTK Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such
PTK Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization,
or individual. PTK shall provide Bank all PTK Trademark production materials (e.g., camera-ready art)
required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after PTK?s execution of
this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits PTK from granting to other persons a
license to use PTK Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except
for any Financial Service Products. PTK represents, warrants and covenants to Bank that it has the
exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing
sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a PTK
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such
Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(h). PTK may not use any
Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. PTK shall not register or attempt to
register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any PTK Trademark.
Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain PTK Trademarks to promote or identify the Program
and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during
the Term. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) PTK shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints. Within 24 hours of receipt, PTK shall provide Bank with notice of each Consumer

6
Prt THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY) Ve
