(g)

(h)

@

@)
(k)

0)

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with
respect to the matters covered herein including, without limitation, the Original
Agreement. This Agreement does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or
provision of any other agreement between the parties that survives termination of that
agreement. Without the prior written consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably
withheld, CAA may not assign any of its rights or obligations under or arising from this
Agreement. Bank may not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under this
Agreement without the written consent of CAA, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld; provided however, that Bank may assign or transfer, without consent, any of its
rights and/or obligations under this Agreement:

(i) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than a subsidiary or an
entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Bank (a
"Bank Affiliate") pursuant to a sale (other than a sale as described in
subsection (ii), below) as long as such prospective buyer has substantially
similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank; or

(ii) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than a Bank Affiliate)
pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially all the
assets of Bank; or

(iii) to any Bank Affiliate.

Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this
Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered
through Bank?s affiliates.

Bank and CAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither party will
have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or will be construed to confer upon
or give any person other than CAA and Bank, their successors and assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

[Intentionally deleted]

Neither party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any person or
entity which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other
or any of its Affiliates, whether or not the statement is true and whether or not it is characterized
as confidential.

Neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government
laws, rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of

Page 12 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
