(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?), unless either
Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180 days, prior to the end
of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of the
State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely
within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
expressly disclaimed and excluded

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, Foundation and UNCCAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit
card products offered under the Program using Foundation and UNCCAA Marketing Channels; provided
Foundation and UNCCAA pay for all marketing and solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than
the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties
mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing
Effort? or ?GIP?). Bank will provide specimen marketing materials for Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s use in
connection with Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s Group Marketing Efforts. Foundation and UNCCAA will only use
such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen
marketing materials, Foundation and UNCCAA will be responsible for all expenses with regard to any Group
Marketing Effort. Foundation and UNCCAA will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired
date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by Foundation and UNCCAA as instructed by Bank for
tracking purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle Foundation to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP
Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-pages) to
be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its
sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation
of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, Foundation and UNCCAA shall immediately
discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from
Bank requesting such discontinuance. Foundation and UNCCAA will not deviate from the approved materials
and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group Marketing

Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by Foundation and UNCCAA upon demand.

-15-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
