| DocuSign Envelope ID: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in writing within twenty four hours; and {ii} promptly call
the Bank of America Incident Response Team at (800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free
number provided by Bank from time to time) in the event of a breach of security or the detection of any
suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or attempted breach that could include
Information, whether in University of Colorado Boulder?s possession or in the possession of an affiliate,
employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. University of Colorado Boulder will cooperate fully
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully) with
Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. University of Colorado Boulder will
reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs
the Customer of a security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is
provided to affected Customers. University of Colorado Boulder will monitor (and will cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard
information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security
problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will
mean that University of Colorado Boulder will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially
reasonable after University of Colorado Boulder {or its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all
devices that comprise University of Colorado Boulder?s system (or that of its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents}, including application software, databases, servers, firewalls,
routers and switches, hubs and to all of University of Colorado Boulder?s other Information handling
practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(g) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it is understood that University of
Colorado Boulder is a public institution, and, as such is subject to the Colorado Public Records Act, C.R.S.
?? 24-72-101 et seq. (?CORA?), and University?s obligations under this Act supersede its obligations
under this provision. For avoidance of doubt, this Agreement is not considered confidential and is
subject to disclosure under CORA.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a} The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on
September 30, 2024 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shal! automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and ail rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of

-14-
