12.

13.

(iv) USCAA shall be solely responsible for all costs associated with the production and
communication of such notice.

(i) At least 90 days prior to the termination of this Agreement, USCAA may request Bank to provide
a statement insert in Customer billing statements immediately prior to termination of this Agreement
notifying such customers of the Program?s pending termination. Bank?s approval and insertion of such
statement insert shall be subject to USCAA?s timely submission of the statement insert content. The
insert shall notify Customers of the termination of the Program and shall not reference any successor
program and shall be subject to Bank?s prior approval. USCAA shall be responsible for the cost to
produce such insert as well as any increase in Bank?s postage as a result of such insertion.
Notwithstanding the above, all billing statement insert materials shall be subject to: (i) the then
applicable Bank?s size, quality, scheduling, procedural and weight requirements; (ii) Bank?s obligation to
include in its billing statement any inserts required by Visa, American Express and/or MasterCard
regulations, by federal or Delaware state law, or any other required legal notice or
collection/delinquency notice; and (iii) any Customer imposed restrictions on such inserts. To the extent
USCAA?s insert is superseded by any of the issues noted in the immediately above sentence, Bank will
provide USCAA with insert space in the next available Customer billing statements.

INDEMNIFICATION

(a) USCAA will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Bank, and its respective directors, trustees,
officers, agents, employees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns from and against any and all
liability, causes of action, claims, and the reasonable and actual costs incurred in connection therewith
("Losses"), resulting from: (i) the material breach of this Agreement by USCAA or its directors, officers,
employees, agents, Affiliates or Subcontractors; or (ii) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
USCAA, its, representatives, agents, Affiliates, and its Subcontractors.

(b) Bank will indemnify and hold harmless USCAA, and its respective directors, trustees, officers,
agents, employees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns from and against any and all Losses
resulting from: (i) the material breach of this Agreement by Bank or its directors, officers, employees,
agents, affiliates or subcontractors; or (ii) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Bank, or its
representatives, agents, affiliates or subcontractors.

(c) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in the manner provided herein upon learning of
any claims or complaints that may reasonably result in indemnification.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 13(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 13(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the
entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s),
merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions,
representations, understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Previous
Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether oral or written, with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
