h} All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
an Alumni Association Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank. Alumni Association and JMIS may not (and shail cause their respective
subcontractors and respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote
he Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only to the extent
consistent with this Agreement. Alumni Association and JMIS shall not (and shall cause their respective
subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any Alumni Association Trademark or
University Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier
ermination of this Agreement.

{i) Alumni Association acknowledges that Bank has directed Alumni Association's attention to 12
C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and Alumni Association has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on
behalf of Alumni Association.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of Alumni Association and Alumni Association shall bear no risk with regard to
the foregoing.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose, Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of Alumni Association. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information
that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however
that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by
Alumni Association.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place Alumni Association Trademarks or
University Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items,
including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of
Credit Card Account applications, all such items shall be produced by a University licensed vendor
through IMG Collegiate Licensing. Alumni Association will have approval rights of the use and
appearance of the Alumni Association Trademarks and JMIS will have approval rights of the use and
appearance of the University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants
Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank shall not sell any of these items. For
one (1) gift or premium item per year of this Term, Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g.,

4
