cooperate fully with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. UICA will reimburse Bank
for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the
Accountholders of a security breach. UICA will monitor industry-standard information channels

(bugtraq, CERT, OEMs, etc.) for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified
security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing,
?timely? will mean that UICA will introduce such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after
UICA becomes aware of the security problem. This obligation extends to all devices that comprise UICA?s
system, e.g., application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to
all of UICA?s other Information handling practices.

(g) Because the nature of Information regarding Cardholders and Credit Card Accounts makes an
evaluation of damages after a violation of this Agreement impossible, then if UICA or its Subcontractors
arid their respective Representatives and Agents including any of their respective officers,
directors/members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives uses such information ina
manner that violates this Agreement or a breach of secured limited access occurs, Bank will be entitled
to damages from UICA of twenty dollars ($20.00) for each instance in each category of information (e.g.,
names, addresses, etc.) used or accessed in violation of this Section. In addition, Bank will be entitled to
injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation of this Section by UICA (or its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives and Agents) including their respective Members, employees,
volunteers, agents, or representatives. Nothing in this Section will be construed as prohibiting Bank from
pursuing any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened breach of this Subsection. The
limitation set forth in Section 12(s) shall not apply to this Subsection.

(h) The provisions of this Section 13 except for Subsection (a) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

-26-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCK
