11.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or
delayed, of all marketing materials to be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the
commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance
of the above, IUAA shall immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and
in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. IUAA will not deviate
from the approved materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at IUAA?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by IUAA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, |UAA will comply and cause its Representatives and
require its Subcontractors to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) IUAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on IUAA?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of IUAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at IUAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement
to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card
Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle IUAA to the GIP
compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. IUAA
will modify or remove such advertisements within forty-eight (48) hours of IUAA?s receipt of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, IUAA will provide Bank with the ability (including
unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the IUAA internet site(s), including any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, IUAA agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g.,
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s)),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing
efforts, including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone
number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement for a period of four (4) years.

TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description
of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching
Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided
herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or IUAA:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

-16-
