Cc. GOLD RESERVE REVOLVING LOAN ACCOUNTS

1. $0.50 (fifty cents) for each Gold Reserve Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days.

2. 0.25% (twenty-five one-hundredths of one percent) of the average of all month-
end outstanding balances (excluding transactions that relate to credits and

unauthorized transactions) in the calendar year for each Gold Reserve Account.

This Royalty will be paid within sixty (60) days of the calendar year end.

3. $2.00 (two dollars) for each applicable twelve (12) month period that a Customer
pays the annual fee on a Gold Reserve Account.

D. ROYALTY ADVANCE,

1. Upon full execution of this Agreement, MBNA America shall pay to SLU the sum of seventy five thousand
dollars ($75,000) (the "Advance", as an advance against future Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth
below. All Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to SLU, be applied against the Advance until
such time as the Advance is fully recouped. Any Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to SLU as set forth
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, SLU hereby promises to pay MBNA America upon
demand an amount equal to the difference between the amount of the Advance and the total amount of accrued
Royalties credited by MBNA America against the Advance as of the date of such demand, in the event any of
the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (iv) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in this Agreement as of the
Effective Date, other than as a result of MBNA?s material breach of this Agreement;

(ii) SLU breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) MBNA America is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least four (4) direct
mail campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve month period
during the term of the Agreement;

(iv) MBNA America is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least two (2)
telemarketing campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve month
period during the term of the Agreement; and

(v) MBNA America is prohibited from conducting on-campus promotion campaigns
(e.g., tabling and postering) at major events during each consecutive twelve month
period during the term of the Agreement.

E. BONUS COMPENSATION

On or before July 31 of each calendar year during the term of this Agreement, up to and including July 31,
2003, and provided that SLU is not in breach of the Agreement, MBNA America shall pay SLU a fifteen
thousand dollar ($15,000) bonus to be paid into the Alumni Legacy Scholarship Fund.

lof 11
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
