?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of The Association) to whom The Association has,
directly or indirectly, delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities
comprising, in whole or in part, The Association?s performance of its obligations under this Agreement or in
support of the Program, but (in each case) only with respect to such Person?s performance of such activities.
Subcontractor includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).
?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(k)(1).

?University? means Texas A&M University and any office or department of, or directly controlled by, Texas A&M
University, including the athletic department and the office of student affairs of Texas A&M University.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules

apply:

the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;
?and? is conjunctive only;
?include? and ?including? are not limiting;
?any? means ?any or all?;
a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;
any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and complete
copy;
the ?transactions contemplated by this Agreement? refer, collectively, to each transaction contemplated by
or provided for in this Agreement.
a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to
this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example, where a particular Section, Schedule or
Exhibit is the intended reference);
the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.
a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the
contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any particular clause
hereof;
?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;
references to ?months? and ?years? means calendar months and years unless otherwise specified;
to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or
both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment;
to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless
the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned, or delayed;
text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in parentheses;

5-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
