subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other
Party(ies), ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this
Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to
include information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall
not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this
Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.

b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary
?or the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority
including Alumni Association?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)}. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
he Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

c) Each of the Parties shall keep and shall exercise its best efforts to cause its subcontractors and
its and their respective Representatives to keep all Information (including Nonpublic Personal
Information) provided by any other Party, pursuant to this agreement, confidential and shall not make
any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise
disclose (collectively ?transfer?) and its and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer)
any such information to any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this
Agreement or for uses agreed to in writing by the other Party prior to any such transfer. For the
avoidance of doubt, each Party shall be liable for any breach of this Section by its subcontractors and its
and their respective Representatives. If a Party receives a request or demand to disclose Information
{including Nonpublic Personal Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of competent
jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, the Party will: (i)
immediately notify the other Party of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request;
(ii) consult with the other Party on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow
such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best
efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to
such portion of such information to be disclosed that Party designates.

(d) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2024 (?Term?).

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and excluded.

