DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCFSE2

AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY

This Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1% day of
August, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger
with FIA Card Services, N.A.), a national banking association having its principal place of business in
Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and Temple University ? Of The Commonwealth System of Higher
Education, a state-related university having its principal place of business in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
(?University?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, University and Bank are parties to that certain Affinity Agreement dated July 31,
2007, as the same may have been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank offers certain
financial services to certain persons associated with the University; and

WHEREAS, University and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
University and Bank agree as follows:

ie DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this amended and restated affinity agreement and Schedules A through B
hereto.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations, decrees or orders regarding any of the foregoing.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of this Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

Page 1 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
