DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

the following shall not be considered Financial Service Products: (i) purchase card programs and
accounts; (ii) corporate card programs and accounts; (iii) travel card programs for UM employees for
travel on UM business; and (iv) prepaid card programs (collectively, ?Prepaid/Purchasing Programs?).

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UM complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA" refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? means account acquisition marketing using any one or more UM
Marketing Channels.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection S(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by UM and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or

unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of

wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

EXECUTION CoPy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
