10.

(e) During the Term and thereafter until USCAA and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information USCAA will
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in
writing within twenty four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free number provided by Bank from time to time) in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include Information, whether in USCAA?s possession or
in the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. USCAA will
cooperate fully (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to
cooperate fully) with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. USCAA will reimburse
Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the
Customer of a security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is
provided to affected Customers. USCAA will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly
identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and
timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that USCAA will
introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce)
such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after USCAA (or its and their respective
Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all
devices that comprise USCAA?s system (or that of its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and
switches, hubs and to all of USCAA?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on July 31,
2025 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement may be renewed upon mutual written agreement of the parties (eacha
?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?).

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of
the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) Without limiting Bank?s obligations as set forth in Section 3(b), USCAA may design and produce,
at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program marketing efforts being conducted by

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
