(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without
regard to its conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Bank or WFU, the other party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching party. This notice will (i) include a
description of the material breach: and (ii) state the party's intention to terminate this Agreement.
If the breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) days after
receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will terminate
sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

If either Bank or WFU becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets or it is unable to
meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it is adjudicated
insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation
then the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Bank will, except as set forth in
Section 10(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the WFU Trademarks for Program marketing
purposes, provided that Bank may conclude all solicitations required by law. Upon the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Bank will not claim any right. title, or
interest in or to the WFU Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists.

Bank will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating
or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by
WFU or any WFU Affiliate to the Members. Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld.
Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement , Bank will have up to ninety (90)
calendar days from the termination or expiration date to: (i) suspend marketing and remove
marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use WFU Trademarks in connection
with existing Deposit Accounts, Credit Card Accounts and those opened during such ninety (90)
day period: and (iii) remove WFU Trademarks from Program collateral and account materials,
such as statements, welcome packages, and card carriers. WFU shall not attempt to cause the
removal of WFU Trademarks from any person?s credit devices. debit devices. checks or records
of any Customer existing as of ninety (90) days following the termination or expiration date of
this Agreement, and Bank shall have the right to use WFU Trademarks on such credit devices,
debit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or exhaustion.

In the event that Applicable Law has or will have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses
(including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this
Agreement), as determined in Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify WFU in
writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If,
within thirty (30) business days after WFU?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both parties, Bank shall have
the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement

Page 9 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
