Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in
arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or
similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the
Effective Date, has more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses {including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify UDAA in writing of
Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to
address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after UDAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the
Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties
and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shail have the right to terminate either
the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without
penalty or liability to UDAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the
Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5{d), such terminated program remains subject to
the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms is meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in
any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program
shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or
expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required
to pay Royalties or any other compensation to UDAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or

based upon any student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms
and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a} The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance
information, proprietary information (including trade secrets and Marketing List(s)), legally
privileged information, and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party
(the ?Disclosing Party?) to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its subcontractors {if
any) or any of its or their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior toa, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this
Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be
deemed to include information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing.
Such Information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as
expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing by the Disclosing
Party and the Recipient.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement {Execution Copy)
