otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of MAA or a MAA Affiliate for such gifts or premiums.
MAA waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such
payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of such payments to
take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party should refuse to reduce the price to Bank
for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may
deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) MAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform

its obligations under this Agreement,

(iti) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the
negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained
and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

(b) MAA represents and warrants to Bank as of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during any
period thereafter that MAA Trademarks remain in use hereunder, that: (i) MAA has the right and power
to license MAA Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement (as defined in Section
11(d); and (ii) MAA shall provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. MAA
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives)
and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and
shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license granted herein or from Bank's use of MAA
Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each
Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the
license or the use of any MAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Section 4(b) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) MAA represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that neither it nor its
respective Representatives, and its and their Agents is the subject of any sanctions administered or
enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority
(collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is MAA, or its Representatives located, organized or resident in a country
or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. MAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its
Representatives has or during the term of this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. MAA represents
and warrants that neither it nor its respective Representatives, or its and their Agents will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of

8

UNIVERSITY OF MiSsoURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy).DOCX
