Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the CAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products (or
the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise
make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing
lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if CAA or any CAA Affiliate sells any
product or service, in connection with such sales, CAA shall not, and shall cause CAA Affiliates not to,
favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment
offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, CAA may
accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided
that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by CAA of said financial
institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

The Parties agree that the exclusivity provided in this Agreement for Financial Service Products shall not
affect the terms of the CAA Affiliate contract with Bank of the West (hereinafter ?BTW?) effective dated
July 1, 2015. Furthermore, the Parties agree that the exclusivity provided in this Agreement for Financial
Service Products shall not prohibit CAA from maintaining an endorsed deposit and/or debit card
Program with BTW using the CAA Affiliate trademarks. This exclusivity also applies to any new
agreement or contract extension with BTW after the initial term.

(b) CAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) CAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) CAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a CAA Trademark or University
Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a
cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the CAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may
deduct such costs from any Royalties due CAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due CAA, upon
demand CAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, CAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that CAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that CAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by CAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due CAA. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand CAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, CAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least three hundred fifty thousand (350,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon
as possible but no later than 30 days after CAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, CAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) CAA shall, and shall cause any CAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by

-7-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
