? | @
TERM EXTENSION ADDENDUM

THIS ADDENDUM (the ?Addendum?) is entered into this 9th day of May, 2003 by and between
Saint Louis University (?SLU?), and MBNA America Bank, N.A. (?MBNA America?), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America are parties to an amended and restated affinity
agreement, as the same may have been further amended (the ?Agreement?), wherein MBNA
America provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided

to MBNA America by or on behalf of SLU; and
WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America mutually desire to extend the term of the Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein,
SLU and MBNA America agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise herein defined are used as defined in the Agreement.

2. The current term of the Agreement is hereby extended to end on January 31, 2011.
Thereafter, the Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the current term or any
renewal term for successive two-year periods, unless either party gives written notice of its
intention not to renew at least ninety (90) days, but not more than one hundred eighty (180) days,
prior to the last date of such term or renewal term, as applicable. This Section shall replace all
provisions concerning the term of the Agreement, the renewal of the Agreement, and all notices
required to not renew this Agreement.

3. In addition to SLU?s obligations under the Agreement to exclusively endorse the
Program, SLU agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will not market, solicit proposals
for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than MBNA America) the
providing of, any Financial Service Products of any organization other than MBNA America.

4, Section 1(f) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the
following:
(f) "Member" means students and alumni of SLU and other potential participants

mutually agreed to by SLU and MBNA America.
5. The Agreement be and hereby is amended to add new subsection 1G):

Gg) ?Reward Credit Card Account? means a credit card carrying the Reward
Enhancement and opened pursuant to the Program.

6. Effective February 1, 2004, Section B of Schedule A is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced by Section B on the attached Attachment # | to this Addendum.

7, Effective February 1, 2004, Schedule A is hereby amended by adding Section D
on the attached Attachment #1 to this Addendum.
