whereupon this document shall become the binding Agreement. Accordingly, any such submission or

communications or correspondence between the Parties or their respective agents or attorneys is |
intended only as non-binding discussions, and either Party shall have the absolute right to withdraw from |
such discussions at any time without any liability whatsoever to the other Party.

(p) Each Party hereto acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this
agreement or any related agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore
each such Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such Party may have to a trial
by jury with respect to any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this agreement or
any related agreement, or the transactions contempiated by this agreement or any related
agreement. Each Party hereto certifies and acknowledges that: (a) no representative, agent or
attorney of any other Party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other Party would not,
in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver; (b) such Party understands and has
considered the implications of this waiver; (c) such Party makes this waiver voluntarily; and (d) such
Party has been induced to enter into this agreement and each related agreement by, among other
things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Subsection. The provisions of this Subsection shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(q) Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or
reserved to either Party (including any termination pursuant to Section 11) is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and each and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to
any other right or remedy under this Agreement, or under law or regulation, whether now or hereafter
existing.

(r) Except as expressly provided otherwise herein, neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special,
indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, lost
profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages; provided,
however, that the limitations set forth in this Subsection shall not apply to or in any way limit the
obligations of the GAA?s gross negligence or willful misconduct (or the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of its subcontractors, and its and their respective Representatives).

13. ACCOUNTHOLDER LIST

(a) If no notice of termination has been given by either Party, and no event of default of GAA has occurred,
or would have occurred but for the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, Bank will annually
furnish an Accountholder List to GAA. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary,
Bank will not be required furnish and may restrict GAA?s use of any Accountholder List or Accountholder
Information, if Bank is prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of Applicable
Law, bank-wide privacy policy, public privacy pledge, or individual present or former Accountholder
request, or if furnishing the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information or its intended use would
create an additional regulatory or compliance burden on Bank.

(b) GAA will not use the Accountholder List for any purpose not expressly permitted by Bank in this
Agreement or in a separate writing prepared by Bank and delivered from time to time to GAA. GAA will
secure the Accountholder List in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and, as
communicated by Bank to GAA from time to time, Bank?s instructions. GAA will only permit access to the
Accountholder List to those employees of GAA who need such access to perform their duties relating to
this Agreement. GAA will inform such employees of GAA?s duties and limitations under this Agreement,
and enforce compliance therewith.

15

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
