?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program,
installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program, deposit program, travel and
entertainment card program or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present
transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing and any other financial service programs or
products mutually agreed to by the Parties. Financial Service Product excludes card programs related to
pre-paid or gift cards, processing of student loans or reimbursements or official travel, employee official
travel, or employee payroll or reimbursement processing.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which AAAI complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? means account acquisition marketing using any one or more AAAI
Marketing Channels.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by AAAI and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash

3

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
