?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
financial brokerage products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card
program or the functional equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any
product or service in the foregoing, and any other financial service programs or products mutually
agreed upon by the Parties.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which NYU complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? means account acquisition marketing using any one or more NYUAA
Marketing Channels.

?Information? means the terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance
information, proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information, Marketing
Lists, Nonpublic Personal Information, and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one
Party (the ?Disclosing Party?) to the other party (or, to the extent applicable, its Subcontractors or any
of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party, ?Recipient?) prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement are confidential as of the
date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include information developed, produced or derived
from any of the foregoing.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11/(f).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means (i) alumni of NYU, (ii) members of NYUAA who are not matriculated students at NYU,
and (iii) other potential participants mutually agreed to by NYUAA and Bank.
