funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result ina violation by
any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

{d) Throughout the Term UCLAAA shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide UCLAAA
Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to
Bank and UCLAAA}, and Bank?s instruction. The provision of this Subsection 4{d) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) UCLAAA is independent from The Regents of the University of California. The signatory below is fully

authorized to negotiate and execute this contract, and this contract is not subject to review or approval
by the Board of The Regents of the University of California.

5. ROYALTIES

{a

During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described In SCHEDULE A to UCLAAA. No compensation or payments shall be paid to UCLAAA until a
Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and
returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be
made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b

\f at any time during the Term any change in any card network's interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s revenue with respect to the Program, as determined by
Bank in its sole discretion (?impact?), then Bank may notify UCLAAA in writing of Bank?s desire to
renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If,
within 30 business days after UCLAAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever
reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the
Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program,
or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UCLAAA, upon 90 days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program ts
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(b), such terminated program
remains subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall
be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of
the Agreement for just that program.

(c)

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties
or any other compensation to UCLAAA with regard to any student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMEN
Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes

to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent

Final Execution Copy - UCLA Alumnt Assoc Second AR Affinity Ac reement (2)
