12.

The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 13.

13. CUSTOMER LIST

(a) Each calendar quarter during the term of the Agreement (provided that notice of a party?s
intention to termination the Agreement has not been given), MBNA America shall provide FIUF
with a list of information (e.g., names and addresses) about Customers as may be mutually agreed
upon by the parties (hereinafter the "Customer List"). When used in this Agreement, the term
?Customer List? includes any whole or partial copies or compilations of a Customer List in any
form or any medium, any information derived solely from a Customer List, and all Customer
Information, as hereinafter defined. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement, MBNA
America shall not provide any Customer List or Customer Information otherwise required to be
provided by it to FIUF, and may restrict any use by FIUF of any Customer List or Customer
Information which is provided by MBNA America to FIUF, if MBNA America is prohibited
from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of any law, regulation, bankwide privacy
policy, public privacy pledge, court order, rule, consent decree, or individual present or former
Customer request, or if the provision of such information or its intended use would create an
additional regulatory compliance burden on MBNA America.

(b) FIUF shall return to MBNA America each Customer List, in the same form as received
by FIUF within thirty (30) days of receipt of such Customer List. On or before the effective date
of termination of the Agreement, FIUF agrees that it shall: (i) immediately destroy and purge
from all its systems all information within each Customer List to the extent that such information
in any way relates to MBNA America, the Program or Credit Card Accounts ("Customer
Information"); and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days all Customer Information that is in
tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium
whatsoever. All destruction of Customer Lists shall be done in strict accordance with MBNA
America's then current destruction policy.

(c) Any Customer List provided to FIUF may contain ?dummy? information (e.g., names,
account information, addresses, etc.) so that unauthorized use of a Customer List may be
determined. This information will be unknown to FIUF. A violation of this Section is
conclusively proven and the damages named hereinafter shall be deemed owed when MBNA
America establishes the following:

(i) that MBNA America placed ?dummy? information on the list (e.g., name(s), account
information, address(es), etc.);

(ii) that the ?dummy? information received any mailings which were sent or generated
outside the scope of the permitted use of the Customer List; and

(iii) that identical ?dummy? information was not provided by MBNA America or its
affiliates to any third party.

(d) All Customer Lists are (i) confidential and proprietary and (ii) shall remain the sole
property of MBNA America. FIUF expressly acknowledges and agrees that FIUF has no
property right or interest whatsoever in any Customer List. FIUF shall hold all Customer Lists in
strict and absolute confidence and shall not provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell or
otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any Customer List and shall not make any copies of a
Customer List of any type whatsoever except as expressly approved in a separate writing by
MBNA America. At all times FIUF shall keep in confidence and trust all Customer Lists. FIUF
further agrees that it shall not transfer any Customer List to any other organization or individual
under any circumstances, and FIUF specifically but not by way of limitation agrees that no
