10.

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and
performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for
all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, CAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using CAA Marketing Channels; provided CAA pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).
Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for CAA?s use in
connection with CAA?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, CAA will only
use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the
specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, CAA will be responsible for all expenses with
regard to any Group Marketing Effort. CAA will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its
desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by CAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle CAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-
pages) to be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Bank, in its sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing,
content, and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, CAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. CAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group

Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at CAA?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by CAA upon demand.

-15-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
