?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
UCLAAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial Service
Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more UCLAAA Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person and in the case of a partnership, also includes general and limited partners thereof and further in
the case of a limited liability company or corporation, also includes members of such company or
corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as
determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UCLAAA complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in SCHEDULE A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.

?UCLAAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UCLAAA. UCLAAA Affiliate shall not be construed to include
the University of California, the Regents of the University of California and the University.

?UCLAAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?UCLAAA Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by UCLAAA {including such
services further delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in
furtherance of the Program (including UCLAAA Marketing Efforts)).

?UCLAAA Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark licensed to UCLAAA for marketing in accordance with this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement only, the term ?UCLAAA Trademark? includes the right to
use the names ?UCLA Bruins? and ?UCLA Athletics? during the term of the Agreement in connection with
descriptions of Bank?s support of UCLA Athletics in the following manner: ?Proud sponsor of UCLA
Athletics? and ?Proud sponsor of the UCLA Bruins?. Furthermore, the right to use the script logo
attached as Exhibit 1 is granted for use on the Financial Service Products issued as part of the Program
and in advertising so long as such advertising includes an identification of Bank as a sponsor of UCLA
Athletics or UCLA Bruins.

} inal Execution Copy - UCLA Alumn: Assoc Second AR Af inity Ayreement (2)
