Bank agrees that it shall not, when using UCLAAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products
(excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless UCLAAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such
purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other
products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and SO
Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for,
and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information
becomes a part of Bank's own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) UCLAAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
{i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

{iv} No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the
negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained
and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

{b) UCLAAA represents and warrants to Bank as of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during any
period thereafter that UCLAAA Trademarks remain in use hereunder, that: (i) UCLAAA has the right and
power to license UCLAAA Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement (as defined in
Section 11(d); and (ii) UCLAAA shall provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the
Program. UCLAAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their
respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes
of action, and claims, and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith
{including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license granted herein or
from Bank's use of UCLAAA Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by
Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or
complaints relating to the license or the use of any UCLAAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The
provisions of this Section 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) UCLAAA represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that it is not the
subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of
Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is UCLAAA located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. UCLAAA represents and
warrants that it has not, or during the term of this Agreement will not, violate any Sanctions. UCLAAA
represents and warrants that it will not use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to
fund or engage in any activities with any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such

Final Fxecution Copy - UCLA Alumni A-sac Second AR Afiinity Anreement (2)
