(a)

(d)

(e)

(f)

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any UAAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by
or on behalf of UAAA.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any UAAA Marketing Effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UAAA.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of UAAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information
that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship.
This information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement;
provided however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would imply
an endorsement by UAAA.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UAAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products")
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject
to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when using UAAA?s Marketing Lists
for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct
mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless UAAA consents to
Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all
Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a
connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all
information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in
connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s
own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

UAAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

(69) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;
