?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controtled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i} federal, state, or local law (including common
law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory
examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national! banks are
authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002}, as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.
?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,

-2-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American-ChemicatSeciety
fini BAR 2918-98-13
