and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of
such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (iv) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the Initial Term as stated in this Agreement as of the
Effective Date;

(ii) The Association breaches, and fails to cure after proper notice, any of its obligations under this
Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail campaigns to
the full updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the Term;
and

(iv) Bank is prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at major The Association events during
each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the Term.

2. If during any given year(s) during the Initial Term, Bank recoups all prior Advances paid by it to The
Association in prior years, and pays The Association Royalties accrued by The Association over and above the
Royalties used by Bank to recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the
amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

The Association shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including the amount of the Advances) equal to
or greater than eight hundred thousand dollars ($800,000) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by April 30, 2023, subject
to the provisions set forth below. If on April 30, 2023, The Association has not accrued $800,000 in Eligible
Royalties, Bank will pay The Association an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all
compensation accrued by The Association up to and including April 30, 2023 and all unrecouped Advances.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly
contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above.

G. ANNUAL TRADEMARK FEE

Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement and upon each annual anniversary of the Effective
Date in 2022 through 2025, Bank shall pay to The Association the sum of ten thousand dollars ($10,000) in
consideration of The Association?s licensing of the right to use its Trademark. This payment shall not offset
future Royalties accruing under this Agreement.

-25-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
