2. Bank marketing materials and hyperlinks to Bank website(s) will be included on a page dedicated to
featuring Association?s corporate programs. Association reserves the right to set specifications for pixel
dimensions and text for Bank-supplied materials on this page.

3. Bank marketing materials will be placed on certain Association transaction pages where constituents
enter payment card information when conducting transactions with Association. Specific placement
shall be by mutual consent, and Association reserves the right to set specifications for pixel dimensions
and text. Such materials may include hyperlinks supplied by Bank.

4. Placement of Bank marketing materials on other pages of Association website shall be by mutual
consent.

C. EVENT MARKETING
1. Sponsorship Package for Association?s Home Football ?Game Day? Events

At each Texas A&M home football game event, Association stages a ?Game Day? open house at the
Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center on the Texas A&M campus, which begins 3 hours prior to
kickoff and ends 30 minutes after the conclusion of the game. Bank will be recognized as a Game Day
sponsor and receive the following marketing inventory in conjunction with Game Day events:

a. Sponsor recognition with hyperlinked Bank or Affinity Card logo on Association?s website on Game
Day information page

b. Logo inclusion with other Game Day sponsor logos in promotional materials for Game Day event,
which may include print and electronic advertisements, promotional video, and other event promotion
tactics determined by Association.

c. Logo inclusion on Association?s Huddleston Video Wall on a rotating basis with other messaging
during Game Day events.

d. Logo inclusion along with other sponsor logos on Game Day banner(s) displayed on Alumni Center
building

e. Tabling location provided by Association for Bank staff to promote Program products

2. Sponsorship Package for Association?s ?The Next Tradition? (TNT) Events

During commencement ceremonies in May, August, and December, Association stages an open house
event for graduating students and their families at the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center. Bank
will be recognized as a sponsor of all TNT events and receive the following promotional elements:

a. Hyperlinked logo or Debit Card Affinity image with sponsor recognition included in mass email event
invitation sent to all graduating seniors.

b. Logo inclusion with other sponsor logos in various promotional materials for TNT event

c. Tabling location provided by Association for Bank staff to promote Program products

D. PRINT AND ELECTRONIC ADVERTISING IN ASSOCIATION PUBLICATIONS

1. Bank will receive a full page, 4-color ad in each issue of Texas Aggie magazine, in both print and
digital versions. Bank must furnish at no cost to Association, or make available for download on its
Affinity Web Portal or similar Bank-controlled website(s), camera-ready ad artwork by materials close

Page 25 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
