January 26, 2017

Ms. Donna H. MacPhee

Vice President for Alumni Relations
President, Columbia Alumni Association
Columbia Alumni Center

622 W. 113" Street

New York, NY 10025

RE: The Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement by and between The
Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, on behalf of Columbia
Alumni Association (?CAA?) and Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to
merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.) (?Bank?), dated as of February 1, 2012, as
the same may have been amended (the ?Agreement??)

Dear Ms. MacPhee:

This letter confirms our understanding that Bank and CAA would like to extend the current term
of the Agreement.

In consideration of the parties? mutual desire to provide time to negotiate the terms of a new or
renewal Agreement and other good and lawful consideration, the parties agree that the current
term of the Agreement shall be extended to March 31, 2017, and, thereafter, the term of the
Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the then current term and any renewal term
for a period of sixty (60) days, until either party gives written notice of its intention not to renew
the current term. Such notice shall be delivered to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to
the last date of the then current term. This paragraph shall replace all provisions concerning the
term of the Agreement, the renewal of the Agreement, and all notices required to not renew this
Agreement.

This letter contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein
and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the matters
covered herein. Except as amended by this letter, the terms of the Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect, and with respect to any inconsistencies between this letter and the Agreement,
the parties agree that the terms of this letter shall control.

Nothing contained in this letter shall be construed as implying any commitment or agreement by
either party to enter into any business arrangement of any nature whatsoever with the other party,
except as set forth in the Agreement.

To acknowledge your acceptance of the terms set forth above, please execute both copies of this
letter where indicated below and email one copy and return one original to me.

Sincerely,

Kevin T, Pearson
Senior Vice President

[Signature page follows]
