Cc.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Reward
Accounts.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Reward GIP Accounts wil! not qualify for any other opening-of-an-

account Royalty.

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts or Reward Accounts will not apply to Premium
Reward Accounts.

D.

$3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts
to a Premium Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by
Bank), then such Royaity will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance
greater than zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that
Premium Reward Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding
twelve (12) months. A Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after
the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a
Premium Reward Account.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars} once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it
becomes an Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any
other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the term of this Agreement, UDAA will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits
Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial
Service Product. Except as set forth in this Section D, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other
Royalty compensation provisions contained in the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be
paid to UDAA on any existing deposit account that is converted to the Program.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day from the account
opening date. An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking account opened under the
Program that has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy}
