otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any Accountholder List to any other entity or individual for
any reason, except as required by this Agreement or unless agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any
such transfer. If GKIHS receives a request or demand to disclose an Accountholder List pursuant to a
subpoena, order of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative
body or committee, GKIHS shall: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances
surrounding such request; (ii) consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to
resist or narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Accountholder List is required or deemed
advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Accountholder List to be disclosed that Bank
designates.

(d) Detection of Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List. Any Accountholder List furnished to GKIHS may
contain dummy information (e.g., names, account information, addresses, etc, unknown to GKIHS.) for
the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an Accountholder List. A violation of this Section is
conclusively proven and the relief specified below will be deemed owed when Bank establishes the
following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy information on the list (e.g., name(s), account
information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy information received any mailings which were sent
or generated outside the scope of the permitted use of the Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical
dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its affiliates to any third party.

(e) Relief for Unauthorized Use of Accountholder List. Because the nature of the Accountholder List makes
an evaluation of damages after a violation of this Section impossible, then if GKIHS or any of its
Members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives uses an Accountholder List in a
manner that violates this Section, Bank will be entitled to damages from GKIHS of twenty dollars
($20.00) for each use of each category of information (e.g., names, addresses, etc.) used in violation of
this Section, with the amount of damages not to exceed one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000)
per breach. In addition, Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation
by GKIHS and its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in
this Section will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such
breach or threatened breach.

(f) Return or Destruction of Accounthoider List. GKIHS will return to Bank each Accountholder List, in the
same form as received by GKIHS within thirty (30) days of receipt of such Accountholder List. On or
before the effective date of termination of the Agreement, GKIHS agrees that it will: (i) immediately
destroy and purge from all its systems all Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information; and (ii)
return or destroy within thirty (30) days all Accountholder Lists and Accounthoider Information that is in
tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium
whatsoever, GKIHS shall perform all destruction of Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information
in accordance with Bank's then current destruction policy.

(g) Notification and Treatment of Security Breach. GKIHS will: (i) notify Bank in writing within twenty-four
hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at (800)207-2377, Option 1
and identify themselves as a supplier when reporting the incident; in the event of a breach of security or
the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or attempted breach
that could include the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information whether in GKIHS?s possession
or in the possession of an affiliate employee, volunteer, agent, and/or representative. GKIHS will
cooperate fully with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. GKIHS will reimburse
Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the
Customer of a security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is
provided to affected Customers. GKIHS will monitor industry-standard information channels for newly
identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and

18

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCTE LY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT { EXECUTION COPY )

