Cc

USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

*

5.8.1 | Two (2) full page color advertisements on the inside front and inside back covers or another
location at USAA?s discretion;

5.8.2 Indicate that USAA is AOG?s Premier Sponsor on the back cover in the address block; and

5.8.3 An opportunity to produce a jacket for the Checkpoints Magazine at USAA?s expense.

5.9 Parent Materials. USAA shall be identified as AOG?s Premier Sponsor on materials marketed to
parents with the USAA logo at the bottom of the page in both print and digital formats.

5.10 | Outdoor Sign. AOG will continue to display the semi-permanent sign that reads Association of
Graduates with USAA identified as the Premier Sponsor attached to the wall structure at the entrance of the
Doolittle Hall building. AOG will promptly inform USAA of any damage, defacement, destruction or loss
of the sign and will repair or replace the sign if necessary. Any further costs related to the repair or
replacement of this sign will be deducted from the next scheduled Sponsorship Payment.

5.11 Indoor Signage and Marketing. A banner or sign, provided by USAA but subject to AOG?s
approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld, will be placed by AOG in the lobby of the Doolittle
Hall building, and will be immediately visible upon entering the building. AOG will provide countertop
space to accommodate a display box with compartments for up to two separate product brochures for
consumers to review and take with them. The display box and brochures will be provided by USAA. AOG
will promptly notify USAA when brochures are near depletion and additional supply is needed.

5.12 Social and Interactive Media. AOG will provide USAA the opportunity to create new messaging
to be used throughout AOG social media channels at least one (1) time per quarter. The timing and content
of one or more messages per quarter is subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties. AOG will also
promote, repost, or amplify USAA content at USAA?s request and AOG?s availability. USAA will have the
ability to provide content for inclusion across the full range of social media channels, but the placement and
timing of each message within a particular channel will be subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties.
5.13. Third Party Marketing Channels. USAA may, at its own expense, utilize third party marketing
channels, including but not limited to targeted digital, paid search, paid social, and out-of-home to deliver
advertisements to Members. Creative will be subject to AOG approval, and placement or distribution of ads
will be executed according to USAA?s marketing and media strategies and any predetermined criteria for
ad delivery.

5.14 Co-Branded Checking Account. Upon USAA request, AOG shall provide USAA (i) access to its
member and prospect database (excluding those members who have opted out of receiving commercial
messages) and (ii) limited use of the AOG Marks (as defined in the Agreement) for imprinting on the debit
card or checks and for use in marketing a debit card and checking account to Members. USAA may market
the debit card to qualified Members by direct mail and e-mail through the AOG email system. USAA may
also market the debit card by any other methods that USAA may select and the AOG may reasonably
approve. USAA shall design and produce all related materials, subject to the AOG approval of the final
design which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5.15 Other Marketing Opportunities. AOG shall pursue additional opportunities to market the
Covered Products as other channels become available.

ARTICLE 6: MARKETING TERMS AND CONDITIONS

6.1 Approval of Marketing Channel and Content. The channel and content of such marketing shall
be mutually agreed to by the Parties, provided, however, that USAA shall have the final approval of any
language that needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to be
included or removed to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

6.2 Marketing Expense. Creative for marketing of Covered Products and direct mail for Covered
Products will be at USAA?s expense.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5
