USB ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004380

of securities representing interests in or secured by such Accounts or Account Receivables or the
proceeds thereof.

ARTICLE 4: VMI RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
4.1. VMI_ shall support the Program in accordance with the following requirements:

4d Program Implementation. VMI shall use reasonable efforts to support USB?s
implementation of the Program.

4.1.2. Program Materials and Card Design. VMI shail review and approve design of
Program Materials and the Card in accordance with the terms of this Addendum 01.

41,3 Program Exclusivity. During the Term ofthis Addendum 01, VMI shall not, by itself
or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, or market credit
card products of any organization other than USB and its Affiliates; (ii) license or allow others
to license the VMI Marks in relation to or for promoting any credit card of any entity other than
USB or its Affiliates; or (iii) sell, rent, or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent
or otherwise make available any of its Member Lists or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any credit cards of any entity other than USB
or its Affiliates.

4.1.4 Member Lists, VMI shall provide USB with an updated Member List at least four (4)
times per year. VMI shall use its best efforts to provide as complete a list as possible of all
Members, which shal! consist of a minimum of seventeen thousand (17,000) unique mailable
Member names. All Member Lists shall be provided to USB by VMI at no additional cost to
USB.

4.1.5 Program Marketing,

(A) VMI shall collaborate with USB on an annual marketing plan to promote the Program
as specified under Section 3.1.3.

(B) Other. Marketing Channels or Opportunities. VMI will use reasonable efforts to
approve use of additional channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the
Program, taking into account available marketing resources and commitments to other
benefit programs.

4.2 Account Management and Ownership. As more fully set forth in Article 3, VMI
acknowledges and agrees that USB shall own ali Account Assets and shall extend credit with respect to
each Account, and VMI shall not be considered to be a creditor on any Account for any purpose
whatsoever, and VMI shal{ not have any right in, or obligation with respect to, any Account. In this
regard, VMI shali not instruct or encourage any Cardholders to make payments on Accounts, dispute
Account transactions or balances, or communicate regarding Accounts in any manner contrary to the
instructions of USB or the Cardholder statements. VMI shall refer all inquiries and incoming
correspondence from Cardholders related to payments, billing error notices or dispute letters, legal
notices related to the Accounts or USB, or similar correspondence to USB. If VMI receives any
payments on Accounts, it shall notify USB and forward to USB within 24 hours of VMI?s receipt. In
addition, VMI hereby grants to USB permission to endorse VMI?s name on Account payment checks
sent to USB that are made payable to VMI, VMI MasterCard, VMI VISA, VMI American Express, or
similar name,

4.3 Cross-Sell of Products. VMi acknowledges and agrees that, subject to complying with any

applicable privacy laws and regulations, USB may contact Cardholders with marketing materials and
other information relating to other products.

USB CONFIDENTIAL Page 6 of 8
