USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002931

Foundation Marks in Marketing Materials on a non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license basis
during the term of this Agreement; provided that, USAA and its Affiliates shall not use the USMMA Alumni
Foundation Marks in any manner inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent
of USMMA Alumni Foundation. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, USAA and its Affiliates
shall immediately discontinue the use of such USMMA Alumni Foundation Marks and promptly destroy or
return to USMMA Alumni Foundation any tangible materials bearing such USMMA Alumni Foundation Marks.

8.3 Notification of Infringements and Claims, Each Party hereto shall immediately notify the other Party of
any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, the Party?s use of any of the other?s Marks or claim by any Person
of any rights in any of the other Party?s Marks. In such event, the Party providing such notice shall not
communicate with any Person other than the other Party and its counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim, unless otherwise authorized by the other Party. As between the Parties, the
owner of the Marks shall have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate in connection with the
foregoing, and the right to control exclusively any settlement, litigation, arbitration or U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office or other proceeding arising out of any such alleged infringement, challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to the owner?s Marks. The Party using the other Party?s Marks agrees to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
owner?s counsel, be reasonably necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the owner?s interests in any
litigation, proceeding or otherwise relating to any of the owner?s Marks. Any costs associated with such
assistance will be reimbursed by the owner of the Marks to the other Party providing assistance.

84 Approval of Proposed Use of Marks. Neither USMMA Alumni Foundation nor USAA shall use
marketing materials, proposals or any other presentations that contain references to USMMA Alumni
Foundation or USAA or their respective Affiliates in general, or in relation to the products and services provided
under the scope of this Agreement and associated Addenda, unless the material has been previously reviewed
and approved in writing by both parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, disapprove any communication that it believes to be inconsistent with its image. Each Party
agrees to promptly update any Mark of the other Party maintained by such Party regardless of the media in
which such Mark is used, If any such use of material presented by USAA to USMMA Alumni Foundation is not
approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it shall be deemed approved by USMMA Alumni
Foundation, If any such use of material presented by USMMA Alumni Foundation to USAA is not approved or
disapproved within ten (10) business days it shall be deemed disapproved by USAA.

ARTICLE 9: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

9.1. USMMA Alumni Foundation Representations and Warranties,

9.1.1 USMMA Alumni Foundation is a corporation in good standing organized pursuant to the
laws of its State of incorporation.

9.1.2. USMMA Alumni Foundation has the full right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.

9.1.3 USMMA Alumni Foundation is not currently under any order either from a court or a state
regulatory body prohibiting it from performing its Services in any state.

9.1.4 USMMA Alumni Foundation is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and
performance of its obligations hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.1.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against USMMA Alumni Foundation which
would materially affect performance under this Agreement. USMMA Alumni Foundation will notify
USAA of any which develop during the term of this Agreement.

9.1.6 USMMA Alumni Foundation has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and
provide the USMMA Alumni Foundation Marks as contemplated herein.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5 of 14
