USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

4.1 Exclusive Endorsement. NAVY ENTITIES shall not, by themselves or in conjunction with others,
directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, endorse, offer, advertise, aid, or market the products and services of
any third party that competes with the Covered Products; (ii) license or allow others to license the
NAVY ENTITIES Marks (as defined in the Agreement) in relation to or for promoting any products
and services that compete with the Covered Products; or (iii) sell, rent, or otherwise make available or
allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its Member (as defined in the Agreement)
lists or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Covered
Products of any entity other USAA.

4.1.1 Exceptions to Exclusivity.

4.1.1.1 Magazine Exclusivity. NAVY ENTITIES may accept advertisements for placement in
Shipmate magazine, provided that advertisements for products which compete with the
Covered Products do not utilize the NAVY ENTITIES Marks and do not contain any
NAVY ENTITIES endorsement.

4.1.1.2. Website Exclusivity. NAVY ENTITIES may accept digital advertisements from entities
whose products compete with the Covered Products, provided that the advertisements
do not mention a particular product or service, do not utilize the NAVY ENTITIES
Marks, and do not contain any NAVY ENTITIES endorsement.

4.1.1.3 Sponsorships. NAVY ENTITIES may accept corporate sponsorships from any entity
within the meaning of ?513(i) of the Internal Revenue Code and provide appropriate
recognition.

ARTICLE 5: MARKETING BENEFITS

In consideration of the Marketing Access Fee, NAVY ENTITIES shall provide USAA with the following
marketing benefits (?Benefits?).

5.1 General.

5.1.1 Prominence of USAA?s logo. USAA?s logo shall be more prominently positioned than any
other USNAAA third party sponsor or provider within each marketing channel that USAA?s
logo appears.

5.1.2 Reference to USAA. In all Benefits, NAVY ENTITIES will refer to USAA as the exclusive
provider of financial services products or by mutually agreed upon phrasing that signifies
NAVY ENTITIES exclusive endorsement of the Covered Products. In other marketing
materials not covered hereunder, the Parties will mutually agree on the reference to USAA.

5.1.3 Creative Design. Unless, otherwise specified, USAA shall be responsible for the creative
design for each Benefit, subject to NAVY ENTITIES approval. The Parties agree to use
commercially reasonable efforts to include or adjust Card design offerings should NAAA
introduce a new mark during the Term of the Agreement, considering the operational
requirements of implementing a new Card design within USAA?s schedule of releases for
product updates. NAVY ENTITIES will give USAA a minimum ninety (90) days advance
notice of an upcoming design change. The Parties expect to implement a new Card design in
2021 to reflect the new ?Navy Anchor? logo.

5.1.4 Corporate Sponsorship Benefits. In addition to the Benefits contained hereunder, USNAAA
will provide USAA all benefits commensurate with the significance of the Program and
relationship of the Parties.

5.1.5 Annual Marketing Plan. The Parties will collaborate on an annual product marketing plan
that will identify the monthly marketing campaigns planned.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 3

Confidential
