USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER; 0000002368

such NORWICH Marks and promptly destroy or retum to NORWICH any tangible materials bearing such
NORWICH Marks,

8.3 Notification of Infringements and Claims. Each Party hereto shall immediately notify the other Party of
any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, the Party?s use of any of the other?s Marks or claim by any Person
of any tights in any of the other Party?s Marks. In such event, the Party providing such notice shall not
communicate with any Person other than the otber Party and its counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim, unless otherwise authorized by the other Party. As between the Parties, the
owner of the Marks shall have sole diseretion to take such action as it deems appropriate in connection with the
foregoing, and the right to contol exclusively any setilement, litigation, arbitration or U.S, Patent and
Trademark Office or other proceeding arising out of any such alleged infringement, challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to the owner?s Marks. The Party using the other Party?s Marks agrees to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
owner?s counsel, be reasonably necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the owner?s interests in any
litigation, proceeding or otherwise relating to any of the owner?s Marks. Any costs associated with such
assistance will be reimbursed by the owner of the Marks to the other Party providing assistance.

8.4 Approval of Proposed Use of Marks, Neither NORWICH nor USAA shall use marketing materials,
proposals or any other presentations that contain references to NORWICH or USAA or their respective Affiliates
in general, or in relation to the praducts and services provided under the scope of this Agreement and associated
Addenda, unjess the material has been previously reviewed and approved in ?writing hy hoth parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, disapprove any
communication that it believes to be inconsistent with its image, Each Party agrees to promptly update any Mark
of the other Party maintained by such Party regardless of the media in which such Mark is used. If any such use
of material presented by USAA to NORWICH is nat approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it
shall be deemed approved by NORWICH. If any such use of material presented by NORWICH to USAA is not
approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it shail be deemed disapproved by USAA,

ARTICLE 9: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
9.1 NORWICH Representations and Warranties,

9.1.1 NORWICH is a corporation in good standing organized pursuant to the laws of its State of
incorporation,

9.1.2 NORWICH has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder,

9.1.3 NORWICH is not currently under any order either from a court or a state regulatory body
prohibiting it from perfonning its Services in any state.

9.14 NORWICH is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of its
obligations hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.1.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against NORWICH which would materially
affect performance under this Agreement. NORWICH will notify USAA of any which develop
during the term of this Agreement.

9.1.6 NORWICH has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the
NORWICH Marks as contemplated hercin.

9.1.7 NORWICH will perform its obligations with reasonable skill, care, and diligence.

9.L8 NORWICH will perform its obligations in compliance with all applicable statutes and
regulations.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Page 5 of 10

