DocuSign Envelope ID: E1753C6D-F644-416D-9208-FE6E2FB5319E

NOW KNOWN AS: 63034.1

WY Wu
S ? USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1029280000-01
USAA

EXHIBIT B
Anti-Bribery Laws Compliance Certification

CCA certifies the following:

General Compliance with Laws. The Agreement is contingent upon compliance with all applicable U.S. and
foreign anti-bribery laws and regulations, including without limitation the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
?FCPA?), the U.K. Bribery Act, Bank Bribery Act, as well as such U.S. federal and state Laws and Laws of any
foreign countries in which CCA is chartered, incorporated, licensed, resides, or operates its business (collectively,
the "Anti-Bribery Laws"). "Government Official" shall mean a "government official" as defined under the Anti-
Bribery Laws. In this respect, the term "government official" means (a) any officer or employee of any domestic or
foreign government, or any department, agency, or entity of any government, including any company or enterprise
that is owned or controlled in whole or in part by any government, (b) a candidate for public office or an officer or
employee of any political party, (c) an officer or employee of a public international organization (such as the World
Bank or the International Monetary Fund), or (d) any person acting in an official capacity on behalf of any
government, political party, or public international organization. A Government Official may be an elected or
appointed official, employee, representative, or agent of a government or department, agency, or entity of a
government. Individuals included range from senior officials to low level employees of the executive, legislative,
administrative, military, or judicial branch of a national, regional, state, provincial, or local government.
Representation and Warranties. CCA represents and warrants that [in connection with execution of this
Agreement]:

a) CCA is familiar with the requirements of the Anti-Bribery Laws;

b) All activities of CCA will be conducted in accordance with the Anti-Bribery Laws;

c) CCA has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to a Government Official.

d) CCA has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to any other person, while knowing or
having a reasonable belief that all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value will be
provided to a Government Official.

e) CCA has not violated, or caused USAA to violate, the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law in
connection with its work on behalf of USAA.

f) CCA has not offered or paid anything of value to any person for purposes of inducing a person to perform a
relevant activity improperly, as defined in the UK Bribery Act.

g) CCA does not know or have reason to believe that any of its employees, or consultant, agent, intermediary,
or other person retained by the CCA in connection with its work on behalf of USAA has violated, nor cause
USAA to violate the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law.

h) CCA will continue to abide by the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law as if it was subject to it.

i) CCA will immediately advise USAA if it learns of or has reason to know of any violations of the FCPA or
any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law in connection with Services it provides to USAA.

j) CCA understands that false certification is grounds for USAA to withhold payment and immediately
terminate existing business agreement between Provide and USAA.

k) CCA agrees to promptly notify USAA if any of these certifications becomes false during the course of the
business relationship between CCA and USAA.

1) CCA understands that any information indicating that this certification is false or that CCA have otherwise
breached the Agreement with USAA may be shared by USAA to the U.S. Department of Justice, other
agencies of the U.S. government, or regulators of USAA.

Maintaining Books and Records. In connection with execution of this Agreement, CCA will maintain written
books and records in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Records will be
maintained of all expenditures made by or on behalf of CCA that clearly and accurately identify the persons or
entities that receive payments. Upon reasonable suspicion of a breach of this term, USAA may annually audit the
books and records related to the execution of this Agreement of CCA to ensure CCA compliance with the
representation and warranties under the Anti-Bribery Laws.

Authority to Bind. The undersigned hereby certifies he/she has authority to enter into and bind CCA to all the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the foregoing certification. This certification and the
representation/warranties made herein shall continue for the term of any agreements between CCA and USAA.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
