DocuSign Envelope ID: E1753C6D-F644-416D-9208-FE6E2FB5319E

NOW KNOWN AS: 63034.1

WY Wu
S ? USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1029280000-01
USAA

acceptance of such payment or benefit would itself constitute a violation of such person?s duties or
responsibilities, or (d) securing an improper advantage. CCA further represents and warrants that no part of
payments it receives from USAA will be used for any purpose that could constitute a violation of any
applicable Laws, including the Laws of the U.S., the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or Anti-Bribery Laws.

(C) Subsequently Identified Anti-Bribery Concerns. CCA agrees that should it learn
or have reason to know of any payment or transfer (or any offer or promise to pay or transfer) that would
violate the FCPA, other Laws of the United States, Anti-Bribery Laws, or the Laws of the countries in which
this Agreement is made or applies, it shall immediately disclose it to USAA. The Parties will meet promptly,
as appropriate, in light of a potential Anti-Bribery concern being identified, discovered, or disclosed. If, after
consultation by all Parties to the Agreement, such Anti-Bribery concern cannot be resolved in the good faith
and reasonable judgement of USAA, then USAA, on written notice to the CCA, may withdraw from or
terminate this agreement.

(D) Disclosure. The terms of this Agreement and information about the CCA?s
performance thereunder may be disclosed to the United States government and/or applicable non-U.S.
government, and any other relevant government agencies, if deemed appropriate by USAA.

(E) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary,
USAA may withhold payments under this Agreement and/or suspend or terminate this Agreement, without
limiting any other right, without liability and without notice or at any time upon learning information giving
it a reasonable belief that CCA may have violated, or may have caused USAA to violate, any applicable Anti-
Bribery Law, including the FCPA. In the event of a termination under this provision, all representations and
warranties will survive the termination.

Upon request, CCA shall certify to USAA by having a duly authorized officer execute an Anti-
Bribery Compliance Certification, the form of which is attached hereto as the Anti-Bribery Laws
Compliance Certification Exhibit, and cause such fully executed certificate to be delivered to the
designated USAA Representative.

8. This Agreement is hereby modified to add EXHIBIT B, ANTI-BRIBERY LAWS COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATION attached herein.

9. ARTICLE 8: USE OF MARKS is hereby modified to delete and replace section 8.2 Use and Ownership
of CCA Marks with the following:

8.2 Use and Ownership of CCA Marks. CCA retains the exclusive ownership right to any distinctive
trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery, pictures and other
symbols and devices associated with CCA'S products or services (collectively referred to herein as "CCA
Marks," collectively with USAA Marks, the "Marks") that have been or may hereafter be created or
developed or licensed by CCA. USAA and its Affiliates shall have limited authority to use CCA Marks in
Marketing Materials on a non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license or sub-license basis during
the term of this Agreement; provided that, USAA and its Affiliates shall not use the CCA Marks in any
manner inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent of CCA. Upon the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, USAA and its Affiliates shall immediately discontinue the use
of such CCA Marks and promptly destroy or return to CCA any tangible materials bearing such CCA
Marks

7. Except as provided herein, the Agreement remains unchanged and in full force and effect.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
