USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004379

& Mh
5.

MASTER AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This Master Affinity Agreement is made as of the 7 day of September, 2012 (?Effective Date?), between
UNITED SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION (?USAA?), a reciprocal interinsurance exchange having
its offices at 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288 and the VIRGINIA MILITARY
INSTITUTE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, INC., a nonprofit organization with offices located at 304 Letcher
Ave., Lexington, VA 24450 (?WMI?) (each a ?Party? and collectively the ?Parties?),

RECITALS

1. USAA and its Affiliates are engaged in the business of providing financial products and services to,
primarily, members and former members of the U.S. military and their families; and

2. VMI is a member based entity and desires to offer certain endorsed financial products and services
to its Members (hereinafter defined); and

3. WMI also has certain media space available for general marketing activities and desires to provide
such space to USAA; and

4. USAA desires to offer such endorsed products and services to Members and acquire the media space
available for its general marketing use according to the terms and conditions contained in this
Agreement and associated Addenda.

Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, USAA and
VMI agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1; DEFINITIONS

1.1 ?Affiliate? means with respect to a Party, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, joint stock
company, limited fiability company, trust, estate, association or other entity the existence of which is recognized
by any governmental authority, (collectively an ?Entity?) that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common contro! with either Party listed herein or an
Entity in which either Party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, whether controlling or not, of at Jeast
fifty percent (50%), at any time during the term of this Agreement. For purposes of this definition the term
?controls?, ?is controlled by? or ?under common control with? means the possession, direct or indirect, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.2. ?Addendum or Addenda? means one or more, as the case may be, addendum, purchase order or other
document that may be attached to this Agreement or which incorporates this Agreement by reference,

1.3 ?Agreement? means this Master Affinity Agreement, and any and all addenda, appendices, exhibits, and
schedules attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page | of 14

