O

Lar

USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 000000293 1-02
NOW KNOWN AS: 66242.1

protect the USMMA Alumni Foundation and USAA from claims of personal injury, death and property
damages and from claims under applicable workers' compensation statutes. The USMMA Alumni
Foundation agrees to provide USAA with a certificate of such insurance upon request. The USMMA
Alumni Foundation shall provide copies of its policies upon request by USAA. USAA reserves the right, in
its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement if the insurance carried by the USMMA Alumni Foundation
is insufficient for the scope of services.

ARTICLE 24: OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

The USMMA Alumni Foundation understands that USAA is a reciprocal interinsurance exchange, and as
such, the USMMA Alumni Foundation agrees that no personal liability shall extend to any officer, director,
member, agent or employee of USAA. The USMMA Alumni Foundation shall look solely to the assets of
USAA for satisfaction of this Agreement.

USAA acknowledges that this Agreement is an obligation of USMMA Alumni Foundation and agrees that
no personal liability shall extend to any officer, director, member, agent or employee of USMMA Alumni
Foundation.

This Agreement is hereby modified to add the following section:
ARTICLE 25: OFAC COMPLIANCE

The USMMA Alumni Foundation is and shall remain in compliance with any and all laws and
regulations promulgated or issued, and as amended from time to time, by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury ("OFAC"), and any successor organization ("OFAC
Regulations"). The USMMA Alumni Foundation, their owners and their personnel shall not provide any
services to USAA in violation of such OFAC Regulations. The USMMA Alumni Foundation represents
and warrants that no owner or subcontractors (including legal entities) that hold, directly or indirectly, a
fifty percent (50%) or greater interest in the USMMA Alumni Foundation or subcontractors are blocked
pursuant to any OFAC Regulations and/or appear on:

(A) OFAC's list of blocked persons pursuant to Executive Order or OFAC Regulations, as amended from
time to time;

(B) OFAC's list of Specially Designated Nationals ("SDNs"), as amended from time to time; or

(C) Other lists of prohibited or blocked persons maintained by OFAC, as amended from time to time.
This Agreement is hereby modified to add the following section:

ARTICLE 26: ANTI-BRIBERY LAWS COMPLIANCE

26.1 Anti-Bribery. USMMA Alumni Foundation is aware of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act, and other applicable anti-bribery Laws, and understands that USAA is
committed to strict compliance with these Laws. USMMA Alumni Foundation therefore makes the
following representations, warranties and covenants in connection with this Agreement:

(A) Familiarity and Compliance with Anti-Bribery Laws. USMMA Alumni
Foundation is familiar with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the ?FCPA?), U.K. Bribery Act, Bank
Bribery Act as well as any anti-bribery related Laws of any foreign or U.S. federal, state, or local government
in which USMMA Alumni Foundation is chartered, incorporated, licensed, resides or operates its business
in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (collectively, the ?Anti-Bribery Laws?); that is
now in compliance with the Anti-Bribery Laws, and will remain in compliance with such laws;

Confidential
