UBAA CONTRACT NUMBER: 000086 2364 -02

?Product? means an account opened by an individual pursuant to the processes for establishing any product or service
by USB and its Affiliates.

?Product Holder? means an individual in whose name a product or service of USB and its Affiliates is established,
including a joint accountholder or guarantor or authorized user thereof.

?Program? means the affinity marketing program between USB and CLIENT offered pursuant to this Addendum.

?Program Materials? means any marketing material, application forms, solicitation materials, telemarketing scripts,
or other materials related to the Program.

?Quarter? means each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.

?Relevant Authority? means any agency or other governmental authority having authority to regulate USB and its
Affiliates.

??Term? means any Initial Term or any Extended Term, as further set forth in the Agreement.
ARTICLE 1: SCOPE OF ENDORSEMENT

Ll Scope. CLIENT agrees to endorse the products and services of USB, including but not limited to credit and
payment cards (?Covered Products?) to Members and to license its Marks as defined in the Agreement to USB for
various marketing and product purposes, including the ability for USB to incorporate CLIENT?s Marks in or with
products or services offered by USB to Members, including but not limited to credit and payment cards.

1.2 References to USB. For purposes of this Addendum, all references to USB shall be understood to mean
USB or its Affiliates.

1.3 Exclusive Endorsement. CLIENT shall not, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i)
sponsor, endorse, offer, advertise, aid, or market credit or payment card products of any third party; (ii) license or
allow others to license the CLIENT?s Marks (as defined in the Agreement) in relation to or for promoting any third
party credit or payment card products; or (iii) sell, rent, or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its Member (as defined in the Agreement) lists or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any credit or payment card products of any entity other than USB.
If CLIENT desires to exclusively endorse, offer, or advertise any financial products and/or services product other than
credit or payment card products, CLIENT shall give USAA right of first refusal to offer such products or services on
an exclusive basis.

ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION

21 Marketing Access Fee. USB shall pay CLIENT an annual fee of ten thousand dollars ($10,000.00) on or
about each January 15 throughout the Term (?Marketing Access Fee?).

2.2 Changes. In the event the scope of CLIENT?s endorsement or marketing channels change materially from
that as of the Effective Date of this Addendum, then the Parties will evaluate the impact to the overall relationship and
may negotiate an equitable adjustment to the Marketing Access Fee.

2.3 Member List. CLIENT shall provide USB with an updated Member List at least four (4) times per year.
The Member List will be accessed for various marketing purposes, including but not limited to marketing mix
optimization, data analytics, and comparison against other lists to reduce duplicate marketing messages delivered to
an individual. CLIENT shall use its best efforts to provide as complete a list as possible of all Members. All Member
Lists shall be provided to USB by CLIENT at no additional cost to USB.

ARTICLE 3: PROGRAM MARKETING -

Confidential

