USB ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004380

Materials and Cards are subject to VMI?s approval of the final design which shall not be
unreasonably withheld. USB shal! send certain Program Materials and provide marketing advice
to VMI for Program Marketing described under Section 3.1.3 and 4.1.5 of this Addendum 01.

3.1.3. Program Marketing. The Parties will collaborate on an annual marketing plan to
promote the Program. The marketing plan will be prepared by USB and approved by both
parties, The Parties may mutually agree to modify the marketing plan as frequently as monthly
to account for changing market conditions and to ensure success of the Program. At a minimum,
the marketing plan will provide USB access to the following VMI marketing channels.

(A) _ Direct Marketing.

(1) Upon request by USB, VMI shall provide USB access to its Member and
prospect list (excluding those Members who have opted out of receiving
commercial messages) and limited access of VMI Marks up to four (4) times per
year for direct mail and up to four (4) times per year for email for the purpose of
marketing the Program. VMI will send the four marketing emails with links
back to USB.

(2) USB may market the Program to Members and prospects by direct mail from
. USB or e-mail through the VMI?s broadcast email channel. The timing, channel

and content of such marketing shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties;
provided however, USB shall have the final approval of any language that needs

to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to

be included or removed to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

USB may produce up to ten (10) variations of content, or more as agreed to by

the Parties, within any one of the four direct mail or email marketing campaigns.

(3) Upon USB request, some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include a
signature from an officer of VMI to signify their endorsement.

(4) The Parties wiil coordinate and reasonably agree on the content of email
messages a minimum of five (5) business days prior to such email being
transmitted,

(B) VMI Alumut Review Magazine. VMI shail provide USB one (1) full-page, full-color
advertisement in a cover position in cach issue of the VMI Alumni Review,

(C) Website. VMI shall provide prominent placement of USB advertisements and a link
fo usaa.com on the homepage and a link to usaa,com and Program landing pages.

(D) Athletic Events. VMI will make every reasonable effort to provide USB
advertisement and exhibitor space,

(E) Co-branded Checking Account. Upon USB request, VMI shall provide USB (i)
access to its member and prospect database (excluding those members who have opted out
of receiving commercial messages) and (ii) limited use of the VMI Marks (as defined in the
Agreement) for imprinting on the debit card or checks and for use in marketing a debit card
and checking account to Members. USB may market the debit card to qualified Members
by direct mail and e-mail through the VMI email system. USB may also market the debit
card by any other methods that USB may select and VMI may reasonably approve. USB
shaJl design and produce all related materials, subject to VMI approval of the final design
which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(F) Moody Hall. USB shall have the opportunity to advertise the program through
signage or ?take-one? brochure/applications.

USB CONFIDENTIAL Page 4 of 8
