USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

9.2.10 USAA is not now, nor will the execution, delivery, or performance of and compliance with the
terms of this Agreement cause USAA to be in violation of: (1) any laws now in effect; (2) the terms
of any agreement, document or instrument to which USAA is a party or by which it or any of its
assets are bound, or (3) USAA?s Articles or Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws.

9.2.11 No consent of any other person and no consent, license, permit, approval or authorization or
exemption by or registration or declaration with, any tribunal is required in connection with the
execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 10: DEFENSE, INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE
10.1 Notice. In the event a claim by a third party is made against USAA or NAVY ENTITIES or their

respective Affiliates, officers, directors, members and employees (each an ?Indemnified Party?) directly relating
to or arising out of:

10.1.1 acts or omissions by or on behalf or the other Party (the ?Indemnifying Party?)
pursuant to this Agreement;

10.1.2 breach of a representation or warranty contained in this Agreement; or

10.1.3 any other breach of this Agreement;

then the Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice in writing to the Indemnifying Party.

10.2. Indemnification. Upon receipt of notice specified above, the Indemnifying Party will fully indemnify,
defend and hold the Indemnified Party harmless from all claims, damages, reasonable attorney fees, costs and the
expenses associated with the defense of such claims. For purposes of this Article 10 obligation of the NAVY
ENTITIES to indemnify USAA, the ALUMNI ASSOCIATION and the NAAA shall be regarded as separate
entities, such that neither shall be obligated to indemnify USAA for a breach of this Agreement committed by
the other.

10.3 Cooperation. The Indemnified Party shall fully cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the defense of
such claim at the Indemnifying Party?s expense.

ARTICLE 11: ASSIGNMENTS OR CHANGE IN CONTROL

Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum without the
prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that nothing in this provision or this Agreement shall
prohibit either Party from assigning its rights or obligations hereunder to an Affiliate, but such assignment shall
_ not release the Party from its obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum. The Parties agree that a
merger, consolidation or acquisition of a controlling interest in a party shall be deemed an assignment of this
Agreement for purposes of this provision. The terms of this Agreement or any Addendum shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the authorized successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.

ARTICLE 12: NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY
This Agreement is not intended to create any third party beneficiary rights in any Person, including any
Member.
ARTICLE 13: TAXES

Each Party shall be responsible for payment of its own federal, state and local taxes applicable to the
income generated to such Party under this Agreement and for its own sales or use tax liabilities.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 7 of 17
