at
?
USAA USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000000372-03
3.1.2 Some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include a signature from the President and CEO of
WPAOG to signify endorsement.
3.2 Social and Interactive Media. WPAOG will provide USAA with access to its social media channels for

the purpose of creating new messaging for WPAOG members on a schedule agreed between the Parties as to timing
and frequency, and will also promote, repost, or amplify USAA content when channels are available and appropriate
as agreed between the Parties. USAA will have access to the full range of WPAOG?s social media channels, but the
placement of each message within a particular channel will be subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties and
according to USAA?s social media strategic priorities.

3.3 Third Party Marketing Channels. USAA may, at its own expense, utilize third party marketing channels,
including but not limited to targeted digital, paid search, paid social, and out-of-home to deliver advertisements to
Members and Prospects. Creative will be approved as set forth herein, and placement or distribution of ads will be
executed according to USAA?s marketing and media strategies and any predetermined criteria for ad delivery.

3.4 Magazine. /Note: consider unavailability of Assembly magazine assets in renewal term]

3.4.2 TAPS supplement to Assembly Magazine. WPAOG will provide USAA a full-page, four-color
advertisement on the inside front cover (cover 2) of each issue.

3.4.3 West Point Magazine.

(A) WPAOG will provide USAA up to two (2) full-page, four-color advertisements in each issue, one
of which will be in cover 2 position.

(B) An opportunity for USAA to produce a cover wrap or tip-on for the magazine for at least one issue
annually; and a second issue contingent upon the absence of a magazine sponsor. Such
opportunities will be provided at no additional fee to USAA. Cover wrap or tip-on produced by
USAA will include the magazine?s standard trade dress as part of the design.

(C) Six (6) complimentary subscriptions to West Point Magazine.

3.5 Websites. WPAOG shall provide USAA prominent placement in the following two websites. Placement
may include USAA logo and /or textual reference.

3.5.1 Primary website (www.westpointaog.org). WPAOG shall provide prominent advertising space on
its website, within the rotating banner on its home page, and prominently displayed at the top of
each of its major web pages, and shall provide links to usaa.com and supporting product pages.
Mobile displays will be addressed as agreed by the Parties.

3.5.2 Gift Shop website (www.westpointgiftstore.com). WPAOG shall provide USAA placement on
the homepage of the WPAOG Gift Shop website.

3.6 e-Newsletter. WPAOG shall provide USAA placement in the right column (WPAOG Sponsors) of each
issue of First Call.

3.7 Events. WPAOG shall provide USAA access to meeting space at no additional cost for the annual USAA
loan events. WPAOG shall also provide USAA access and recognition at WPAOG events, the timing and frequency
of which will be coordinated by the Parties.

3.8 AAA Assets. WPAOG, through its agreement with AAA, shall ensure that USAA has access to certain

marketing assets provided by AAA. The assets shall include a link on the AAA website at goarmysports.com, or any

successor site, which will contain a hyperlink for Army athletic fans to access the product landing pages on

usaa.com containing the Card application and other information about the Card. To the maximum extent possible,
USAA CONFIDENTIAL Page 4

Confidential
