USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004379

10.1.2 breach of a representation or warranty contained in this Agreement; or
10.1.3 any other breach of this Agreement;
then the Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice in writing to the Indemnifying Party.

10.2 Indemnification. Upon receipt of notice specified above, the Indemnifying Party will fully indemnify,
defend and hold the Indemnified Party harmless from all claims, damages, attorney fees, costs and the expenses
associated with the defense of such claims.

10,3 Cooperation. The Indemnified Party shall fully cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the defense of
such claim at the Indemnifying Party?s expense.

ARTICLE I1: ASSIGNMENTS OR CHANGE IN CONTROL

Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum without the
prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that nothing in this provision or this Agreement shall
prohibit either Party from assigning its rights or obligations hereunder to an Affiliate, but such assignment shall
not release the Party from its obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum. The Parties agree that a
merger, consolidation or acquisition of a controlling interest in a party shall be deemed an assignment of this
Agreement for purposes of this provision. The terms of this Agreement or any Addendum shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the authorized successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.

ARTICLE 12: NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY
This Agreement is not intended to create any third party beneficiary rights in any Person, including any
Member.
ARTICLE 13: TAXES

Each Party shall be responsible for payment of its own federal, state and local taxes applicable to the

income generated to such Party under this Agreement and for its own sales or use tax liabilities.
ARTICLE 14: PUBLICITY

Neither Party shall use or imply the name, Marks or identity, of the other Party or its Affiliates, in any
publicity matter without the prior, written consent of the other Party. All contact with the media concerning this
Agreement must be approved in advance by the public relations department for both Parties and such approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

ARTICLE 15: GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shali be interpreted and governed by the law of the State of Texas, without regard to

conflict of law principles. If any provision contained in this Agreement is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
then this Agreement will be construed as if such provision had never been contained herein.

ARTICLE 16: NOTICES

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 7 of 14
