USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002368

Norwich University Alumni Association
158 Harmon Dr
Northfield, VT 05663-1035

ARTICLE 17; FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be held responsible or liable under this Agreement due to strikes, lockouts, riots,
fires, acts of God, changes in current legislation that have a negative impact on the way a Party currently
conducts its business with respect to the products and services provided by such Party under the Agreement or
any other cause beyond such Party?s reasonable control, This Article shall not relieve the Parties of their
obligation to have commercially reasonable contingency plans in place to restore service and operations, to
mitigate exposure and put in place other foreseeable protections. In the event that one Party has a force majeure
event preventing them from performing under this Agreement for more than thirty (30) consecutive calendar
days, the other Party to this Agreement may terminate this Agreement without default.

ARTICLE 18: DISPUTES

18.1 Informal Dispute Resolution, Without limiting any other remedy set forth in this Agreement, this
Article shall govern any dispute between USAA and NORWICH arising from or related to the subject matter of
this Agreement that is not resolved by agreement between their respective personnel responsible for day-to-day
administration and performance of this Agreement (?Dispute?), If any of the provisions of this Article are
determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in effect and binding on the
parties to the fullest extent permitted by law. Other than a suit seeking injunctive relief with respect to
intellectual property rights, the Party believing itself aggrieved (the ?Invoking Party?) will call for progressive
management involyement in the dispute negotiation by giving written notice to the other Party in the manner set
forth below prior to submitting any Dispute to mediation or arbitration. USAA and NORWICH will use their
best efforts to arrange personal meetings and/or telephone conferences as necded, at mutually convenient times
and places, between their negotiators at the following successive management levels, each of which will have a
period of allotted time as specified below in which to attempt to resolve the dispute.

USAA . a NORWICH Resolution Time
ey Tee Preside Sines:

Director, Company & Staff Agency Contracting First Vice President 5 business days

Executive Director, Contracting or Assistant . : .

" . , Vi res 5 business days
Vice President, Contracting ice President 5 business days
Senior Vice President, Pracurement or Executive President 10 business days
Vice President, Corporate Services ?siceny SUSIeSS Cays

The allotted time for the first-level negotiators will begin on the date of the Invoking Party's notice. Ifa
resolution is not achieved by the negotiators at any given management level at the end of their allotted time, then
the allotted time for the negotiators at the next management level, ifany, will begin immediately. Ifa resolution
is not achieved by any of the preceding, then either Party may proceed in mediation. Notwithstanding the
foregoing resolution procedure, an arbitration proceeding may be filed to avoid the expiration of a statute of
limitation applicable to a particular claim pending resolution in the manner and order required by this Article 18.

18.2 Mediatiou.

18.2.1 A Party shall submit a Dispute to mediation by written notice to the other Party or Parties, The
mediator shall be selected by the Parties. Any mediator must be acceptable to all Parties, [f the Parties
cannot agree on a mediator, a mediator shall be designated hy the American Arbitration Association
(?AAA?) at the request of a Party. The Mediation Rules of the AAA shall be used at the mediation.
The mediation shall take place in San Antonio, Bexar County,.

18.2.2 The mediator shall conduct the mediation as he/she determines, with the agreement of the
Parties. The Parties shall discuss their differences in good faith and attempt, with the mediator?s

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Page 8 of 10

