USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000003166

hereafter be created or developed by CGA ALUMNI. USAA and its Affiliates shall have limited authority to use
CGA ALUMNI Marks in Marketing Materials on a non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license basis
during the term of this Agreement; provided that, USAA and its Affiliates shall not use the CGA ALUMNI
Marks in any manner inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent of CGA
ALUMNI, Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, USAA and its Affiliates shall immediately
discontinue the use of such CGA ALUMNI Marks and promptly destroy or return to CGA ALUMNI any
tangible materials bearing such CGA ALUMNI Marks.

8.3 Notification of Infringements and Claims. Each Party hereto shall immediately notify the other Party of
any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, the Party?s use of any of the other?s Marks or claiin by any Person
of any rights in any of the other Party?s Marks. In such event, the Party providing such notice shall not
communicate with any Person other than the other Party and its counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim, unless otherwise authorized by the other Party. As between the Parties, the
owner of the Marks shall have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate in connection with the
foregoing, and the right to control exclusively any settlement, litigation, arbitration or U.S, Patent and
Trademark Office or other proceeding arising out of any such alleged infringement, challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to the owner?s Marks. The Party using the other Party?s Marks agrees to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
owner?s counsel, be reasonably necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the owner?s interests in any
litigation, proceeding or otherwise relating to any of the owner?s Marks, Any costs associated with such
assistance will be reimbursed by the owner of the Marks to the other Party providing assistance.

8.4 Approval of Proposed Use of Marks. Neither CGA ALUMNI nor USAA shall use marketing materials,
proposals or any other presentations that contain references to CGA ALUMNI or USAA or their respective
Affiliates in general, or in relation to the products and services provided under the scope of this Agreement and
associated Addenda, unless the material has been previously reviewed and approved in writing by both parties,
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, disapprove any
communication that it believes to be inconsistent with its image. Each Party agrees to proinptly update any Mark
of the other Party maintained by such Party regardless of the media in which such Mark is used, If any such use
of material presented by USAA to CGA ALUMNI is not approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days
it shall be deemed approved by CGA ALUMNI. If any such use of material presented by CGA ALUMNI to
USAA is not approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it shall be deemed disapproved by USAA,

ARTICLE 9: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

91 CGA ALUMNI Representations and Warranties,

9.1.1 CGA ALUMNT is a corporation in good standing organized pursuant to the laws of its State
of incorporation,

9.1.2 CGA ALUMNI has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder,

9.1.3 CGA ALUMNI is not currently under any order either from a court or a state tegulatory body
prohibiting it from performing its Services in any state.

9.1.4 CGA ALUMNI is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of its
obligations hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.1.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against CGA ALUMNI which would
materially affect performance under this Agreement. CGA ALUMNI will notify USAA of any which
develop during the term of this Agreement.

9.1.6 CGA ALUMNI has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the CGA
ALUMNI Marks as contemplated herein.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5 of 12
