 y USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754
NOW KNOWN AS: 70839.1

EXHIBIT C
Anti-Bribery Laws Compliance Certification

NAVY ENTITIES certify the following:

General Compliance with Laws. The Agreement is contingent upon compliance with all applicable U.S. and
foreign anti-bribery laws and regulations, including without limitation the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
?FCPA?), the U.K. Bribery Act, Bank Bribery Act, as well as such U.S. federal and state Laws and Laws of any
foreign countries in which NAVY ENTITIES is chartered, incorporated, licensed, resides, or operates its business
(collectively, the "Anti-Bribery Laws"). "Government Official" shall mean a "government official" as defined under
the Anti-Bribery Laws. In this respect, the term "government official" means (a) any officer or employee of any
domestic or foreign government, or any department, agency, or entity of any government, including any company or
enterprise that is owned or controlled in whole or in part by any government, (b) a candidate for public office or an
officer or employee of any political party, (c) an officer or employee of a public international organization (such as
the World Bank or the International Monetary Fund), or (d) any person acting in an official capacity on behalf of
any government, political party, or public international organization. A Government Official may be an elected or
appointed official, employee, representative, or agent of a government or department, agency, or entity of a
government. Individuals included range from senior officials to low level employees of the executive, legislative,
administrative, military, or judicial branch of a national, regional, state, provincial, or local government.
Representation and Warranties. NAVY ENTITIES represents and warrants that [in connection with execution of
this Agreement]:

a) NAVY ENTITIES is familiar with the requirements of the Anti-Bribery Laws;

b) All activities of NAVY ENTITIES will be conducted in accordance with the Anti-Bribery Laws;

c) NAVY ENTITIES has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to a Government
Official.

d) NAVY ENTITIES has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to any other person,
while knowing or having a reasonable belief that all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of
value will be provided to a Government Official.

e) NAVY ENTITIES has not violated, or caused USAA to violate, the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-
Bribery Law in connection with its work on behalf of USAA.

f) NAVY ENTITIES has not offered or paid anything of value to any person for purposes of inducing a
person to perform a relevant activity improperly, as defined in the UK Bribery Act.

g) NAVY ENTITIES does not know or have reason to believe that any of its employees, or consultant, agent,
intermediary, or other person retained by the NAVY ENTITIES in connection with its work on behalf of
USAA has violated, nor cause USAA to violate the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law.

h) NAVY ENTITIES will continue to abide by the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law as if it
was subject to it.

i) NAVY ENTITIES will immediately advise USAA if it learns of or has reason to know of any violations of
the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law in connection with Services it provides to USAA.

j) NAVY ENTITIES understands that false certification is grounds for USAA to withhold payment and
immediately terminate existing business agreement between Provide and USAA.

k) NAVY ENTITIES agrees to promptly notify USAA if any of these certifications becomes false during the
course of the business relationship between NAVY ENTITIES and USAA.

1) NAVY ENTITIES understands that any information indicating that this certification is false or that NAVY
ENTITIES have otherwise breached the Agreement with USAA may be shared by USAA to the U.S.
Department of Justice, other agencies of the U.S. government, or regulators of USAA.

Maintaining Books and Records. In connection with execution of this Agreement, NAVY ENTITIES will
maintain written books and records in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).

Records will be maintained of all expenditures made by or on behalf of NAVY ENTITIES that clearly and
accurately identify the persons or entities that receive payments. Upon reasonable suspicion of a breach of this term,
USAA may annually audit the books and records related to the execution of this Agreement of NAVY ENTITIES to
ensure NAVY ENTITIES compliance with the representation and warranties under the Anti-Bribery Laws.
Authority to Bind. The undersigned hereby certifies he/she has authority to enter into and bind NAVY ENTITIES
to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the foregoing certification. This certification and the

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
