?

as
USAA?
AMENDED AND RESTATED ADDENDUM 01
TO AFFINITY AGREEMENT
CREDIT CARD PROGRAM

This Amended and Restated Addendum 01 (?Addendum?), made as of the 1 day of January, 2019 (?Effective Date?),
hereby amends, restates, and supersedes the previous Addendum 01 to Affinity Agreement Credit Card Program,
made as of the 1 day of April, 2012, by and between USAA SAVINGS BANK (?USB?) and U.S. COAST GUARD
ACADEMY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION INC (?CLIENT?) is part of and incorporates all of the terms and conditions
of the MASTER AFFINITY AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?), dated April 1, 2012, USAA Contract Control Number
0000003166, as subsequently amended, by and between CLIENT and USAA (each a ?Party? and collectively the
?Parties.) Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning assigned under the Agreement.

The parties wish to amend and restate this Addendum to renew and reestablish a mutually beneficial affinity cobranded
marketing Program.

USB and its Affiliates are engaged in the business of providing financial products and services to, primarily, members
of the U.S. military and their families, including but not limited to credit and payment cards; and

CLIENT desires to offer and endorse certain financial products and services to Members through a business
arrangement; and

CLIENT also has certain media space or events available for general marketing activities and desires to provide such
space or opportunities to USB; and

The Parties intend that USB have exclusive access to approved CLIENT Marks, and exclusive use of CLIENT
marketing assets for the Program; and

Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual agreements, terms and covenants in this Addendum and for other
good and valuable consideration, the legal sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, USB and CLIENT each
agree as follows:

DEFINITIONS
"Card" means a credit or payment card issued by USB or its Affiliates under the Program and made available to a
Product Holder which is branded with approved CLIENT Marks and/or Content. The Card may be a MasterCard, Visa
or American Express card as USB shall determine in its discretion.

?Effective Date" means the date first set forth above.

?Marketing Access Fee? means the payment by USB to CLIENT of the annual Marketing Access Fee set forth in
Article 2, Compensation.

?Member? means an individual who is a member, prospect, supporter, donor, or who is otherwise affiliated with
CLIENT.

?Member List? means a list containing the names, residential addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and other
available information of Members.

"Privacy Rules" means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and its implementing regulations applicable to

national banks, the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information and state
laws regarding the privacy and security of consumers? personal information.

Confidential
