USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004379

7.1.4 is developed by a Party hereto or any of its Affiliates independently, without reference to any
Confidential Information.

7.2, Disclosure and Use for Purposes of this Agreement. The Recipient will protect the Disclosing Party?s
Confidential Information, will only use the Confidential Information in connection with performance under this
Agreement and will only disclose Confidential Information to Persons who have a ?need to know? the
Confidential Information in connection with performance under this Agreement. The Recipient will apprise said
Persons of the confidentiality obligations and ensure that they comply with the terms of this Agreement. The
Recipient shall be responsible for any breach of the confidential obligations by such Persons, The Recipient will
notify the Disclosing Party as soon as possible of any misuse of or unauthorized access to Confidential
Information of which it becomes aware and will cooperate in remedying such situation promptly. The Recipient
may disclose Confidential Information if required to be disclosed by a court order or operation of law. Before
disclosing any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party under court order or operation of law, the
Recipient shall provide the Disclosing Party reasonable notice and the opportunity to object to or limit such
disclosure

7.3 Ownership. The Parties agree that each Party is deemed to be the sole owner of all Confidential
Information disclosed by such Party to the other Party. Confidential Information provided directly by Members
to USAA will be deemed to be USAA?s Confidential Information. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, or as the Parties may agree from time to time, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
convey to the receiving Party any right, title, interest or copyright in any Confidential Information or any license
to use, sell, exploit, copy or further develop any such Confidential Information.

7.4 Prohibited Use and Disclosure. USAA and VMI, for themselves and their respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives, Affiliates and agents agree that they shall treat and hold in trust all Confidential
Information solely for the Disclosing Party?s benefit or otherwise destroy such Confidential Information. Neither
Party hereto shall disclose, publish or make use of the Confidential Information without the express written
consent of a duly authorized corporate officer of the disclosing Party other than in accordance with this
Agreement. :

7.5 Termination, Except as set forth below or as required by law, after termination of this Agreement, each
Party shall promptly return to the other Party, or at the other Party?s option either certify destruction of, or take
commercially reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of all tangible material containing or otherwise
reflecting Confidential Information. If either Party has provided Confidential Information of the other Party to
third parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Party providing such Confidential Information
to third parties shafl be responsible for such thitd parties compliance with the requirements of this Article.

ARTICLE 8; USE OF MARKS

8.1 Use and Ownership of USAA Marks. USAA retains the exclusive ownership right to any distinctive
trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery, pictures and other
symbols and devices associated with USAA?s products or services (collectively referred to herein as ?USAA
Marks?) that have been or may hereafter be created or developed by USAA. USAA shall provide the USAA
Marks that shall be used by VMI in marketing the Program on a non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable
license basis during the term of this Agreement. MI shall not use the USAA Marks in any manner without
USAA's prior written consent, All uses by VMI of USAA Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of USAA.
Subject to this Section 8.1, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, VMI shall immediately
discontinue the use of such USAA Marks and promptly destroy or return to USAA any tangible materials
bearing such USAA Mark, excluding past issues of printed documents such as magazines or calendars.

8.2 Use and Ownership of VMI Marks. VMI retains the exclusive ownership right to any distinctive trade
names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery, pictures and other symbols
and devices associated with VMI?S products or services (collectively referred to herein as ?VMI Marks,?
collectively with USAA Marks, the ?Marks?) that have been or may hereafter be created or developed by VMI.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 4 of 14
