?

v//
Ul

Cc

SAA? USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000000372-03

the Program will be promoted at all sporting events, to include a non-exclusive arrangement for table space at all
home football games. Table space will be made available for USB presence to promote the Program, which may or
may not include distribution of Card applications. Program marketing materials will be included in packages mailed
from the Athletic Department Gift Shop, or any successor shop, football ticket renewal notices, and seasonal football
ticket mailings.

3.9 Other Marketing Channels or Opportunities. USAA will have access to additional WPAOG and AAA
channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program as may be approved by WPAOG. WPAOG will
use reasonable efforts to approve use of additional channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the
Program, taking into account available marketing resources and commitments to other benefit programs.

ARTICLE 4: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

4.1 Approval of Marketing Channel and Content. The channel and content of such marketing shall be
mutually agreed to by the Parties, provided, however, that USAA shall have the final approval of any language that
needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to be include or removed to
comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

4.2 Marketing Expense. Creative for marketing of Covered Products and direct mail for Covered Products
will be at USAA?s expense.

43 Sublicense of Academy Marks. WPAOG, through its agreement with AAA, will ensure that USAA has,
subject to WPAOG approval, the authority to use Academy Marks in marketing materials on a non-exclusive,
nontransferable, non-assignable license basis during the term of this Addendum #1; provided that, USAA and its
Affiliates shall not use the Academy Marks in any manner inconsistent with the terms of this Addendum #1 without
the prior written consent of WPAOG. Upon the termination or expiration of this Addendum #1, USAA and its
Affiliates shall discontinue the use of such Academy Marks.

4.4 Applications and Underwriting. USAA will provide the capabilities necessary to establish product or
service relationships with individual Members. USAA shall have the exclusive right to determine whether to
establish or not establish a product or service with any individual and shall be solely responsible for determining any
and all requirements and criteria for establishing such product or service. WPAOG acknowledges that USAA
products and services are subject to certain eligibility restrictions and that some Members may not be eligible for all
USAA products and services, and that products or services offered to individuals within certain eligibility
classifications may have different rates, benefits, or features than products or services established with individuals
who meet eligibility criteria.

4.5 Account Management. USAA shall provide all services related to products or services established with
Product Holders under this program and shall have the exclusive right to make any and all account-related decisions,
including but not limited to (a) assigning or determining credit limits, cash advance limits or other limits related to
each product or service; (b) issuing or re-issuing products or services, (c) authorizing or declining transactions; (d)
settling transactions and billing Product Holders; (e) receiving and processing payments from Product Holders; (f)
providing customer service on products or services; (g) handling Product Holder disputes related to the products or
services or resulting transactions; (h) terminating, blocking or suspending charge privileges on a product or service;
(i) closing a product or service; (j) handling fraud claims; (k) record retention; and (1) any other functions related to
products or services. USAA may subcontract such services to a third party, provided that any such subcontracting
shall not relieve USAA of its duties or obligations under the Agreement or this Addendum. USAA shall underwrite,
establish, maintain, and service all products or services in accordance with USAA?s underwriting, credit, and
eligibility criteria, policies, and procedures and any relevant agreements with individual Product Holders, as the
same may be amended from time to time at USAA?s sole discretion, but at all times in accordance with all
applicable laws and regulations. WPAOG acknowledges and agrees that USAA shall have sole ownership and
accountability for rights, assets, benefits, duties, and obligations with individual Product Holders and that WPAOG
shall not have any rights or obligations whatsoever in relation to the product or service relationship between USAA
and a Product Holder. WPAOG shall refer all inquiries and incoming correspondence from Product Holders to
USAA.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL Page 5

Confidential
