(B) No Improper Payments. That it will not, directly or indirectly, authorize offer,
promise, or make payments of anything of value, including but not limited to cash, checks, wire transfers,
tangible and intangible gifts (including charitable contributions, political or charitable contributions), favors,
services, and those entertainment and travel expenses that go beyond what is reasonable and customary and
modest of value to a Government Official or other person, while knowing or having a reasonable belief that
all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value will be used for the purpose of obtaining,
retaining, or directing business including: (a) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a Government
Official in his or her official capacity, (b) inducing any Government Official to use his or her influence with
a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity, (c) if such person?s
acceptance of such payment or benefit would itself constitute a violation of such person?s duties or
responsibilities, or (d) securing an improper advantage. NORWICH further represents and warrants that no
part of payments it receives from USAA will be used for any purpose that could constitute a violation of any
applicable Laws, including the Laws of the U.S., the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or Anti-Bribery Laws.

(C) Subsequently Identified Anti-Bribery Concerns. NORWICH agrees that should
it learn or have reason to know of any payment or transfer (or any offer or promise to pay or transfer) that
would violate the FCPA, other Laws of the United States, Anti-Bribery Laws, or the Laws of the countries
in which this Agreement is made or applies, it shall immediately disclose it to USAA. The Parties will meet
promptly, as appropriate, in light of a potential Anti-Bribery concern being identified, discovered, or
disclosed. If, after consultation by all Parties to the Agreement, such Anti-Bribery concern cannot be resolved
in the good faith and reasonable judgement of USAA, then USAA, on written notice to NORWICH, may
withdraw from or terminate this agreement.

(D) Disclosure. The terms of this Agreement and information about NORWICH
performance thereunder may be disclosed to the United States government and/or applicable non-U.S.
government, and any other relevant government agencies, if deemed appropriate by USAA.

(E) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary,
USAA may withhold payments under this Agreement and/or suspend or terminate this Agreement, without
limiting any other right, without liability and without notice or at any time upon learning information giving
it a reasonable belief that NORWICH may have violated, or may have caused USAA to violate, any
applicable Anti-Bribery Law, including the FCPA. In the event of a termination under this provision, all
representations and warranties will survive the termination.

Upon request, NORWICH shall certify to USAA by having a duly authorized officer execute an
Anti-Bribery Compliance Certification, the form of which is attached hereto as the Anti-Bribery Laws
Compliance Certification Exhibit, and cause such fully executed certificate to be delivered to the
designated USAA Representative.

8. This Agreement is hereby modified to add ARTICLE 27: BUSINESS CONDUCT and shall read as
follows:

NORWICH and their representatives acknowledge, understand and agree to follow the USAA Supplier
Code of Conduct
(https://content.usaa.com/mcontent/static_assets/Media/USAA_Supplier_Code.pdf?cacheid=2088176133
p). NORWICH and their representatives shall not engage in behavior that may create a conflict of interest
or the appearance of a conflict of interest with USAA, including recommending any third party products or
services in which NORWICH, their affiliates or employees have an interest, financial or otherwise.
NORWICH shall not offer any gifts, favors, entertainment or other forms of non-contractual consideration
to USAA and/or its employees. NORWICH shall direct questions and report misconduct involving
conflicts of interest, the offer or acceptance of gifts, favors, entertainment and other forms of non-
contractual consideration, or suspected fraud internal to USAA to USAA's Ethics Program Coordinator or
the USAA Ethics Helpline at 1-855-208-8583.

9. This Agreement is hereby modified to add ARTICLE 28: COOPERATION WITH REGULATORY
AUTHORITIES and shall read as follows:

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
