USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER; COCO C0OBEY

16 ?Person? means any individual, corporation, partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint-stock
company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental, judicial or regulatory
body, business unit, division or other entity.

1.7. ?Recipient? means anyone who receives Confidential Information.
1.8 ?Term? means the Initial Term and Extended Term collectively.

In addition to the terms defined above, other defined terms are used in this Agreement and such terms shall have
the meanings defined for such terms in the first paragraph where they appear.

ARTICLE 2; SERVICES

The services to be performed shall be specified on one or more Addendum.

ARTICLE 3; RELATIONSHIP MANAGER

3.1 Relationship Managers. Each Party will designate and provide business relationship manager(s)
(?Relationship Managers?) to manage the day-to-day relationship and handle problem resolution between
WPAOG and USAA, Each Party?s Relationship Manager will respond to issues as promptly as commercially
reasonable under the circumstances. Each Party?s Relationship Manager shall be available during normal
working hours, except holidays. Each Party will provide backup Relationship Managers in the absence of its
regular Relationship Manager.

ARTICLE 4: COMPENSATION

4.1. Fees, USAA shall pay WPAOG in accordance with the fees and payment terms specified in the
applicable Addendum.

4.2 Payment. All fees shall be due by USAA as specified in the applicable Addendum and paid using
electronic funds transfer (?EFT?) in accordance with Exhibit A.

4.3 Disputes. If either Party disputes any fee or other charge, USAA and WPAOG will use their best efforts
to resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days. USAA will pay any undisputed amounts due. Each Party will
provide the other Party with copies of all supporting documentation relating to the dispute within fifteen (15)
days after written notification has been provided, The disputed amount (or such amount as may be ultimately
determined to be correct) shall not be due until fifteen (15) days after the dispute is resolved. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, USAA shall have no obligation to pay a disputed amount until resolution of the
dispute,

ARTICLE 5: TERM OF AGREEMENT

5.1. Initial Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be in effect
until May 31, 2017, unless otherwise terminated pursuant to Article 6 of this Agreement (?Initial Term?).

5.2 Automatic Renewal of Initial Term. This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional five-
year period under the same terms and conditions (the ?Extended Term?) unless either Party provides the other
Party written notice of its intent not to renew at least one hundred-eighty (180) days before the Initial Term of
this Agreement expires.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 2 of 14

