USAA? USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1029382000-01

Marketing Benefits. In consideration of the Marketing Access Fee, CLIENT shall provide, at a minimum, the
following Marketing Benefits:

3.1 Direct Marketing. Upon request by USB, CLIENT shall provide the Member List (excluding those who
have opted out of receiving commercial messages) and grant use of CLIENT?s Marks up to three (3) times annually
for direct mail and up to five (5) times annually for email, which may include up to ten (10) message versions within
each use, for the purpose of marketing Covered Products of USB. Additional segmented marketing pieces to
selected groups may be considered for approval by CLIENT; these will number up to four (4) messages per year.
Direct mail or email will originate from USAA, not CLIENT. Some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include
a signature from CLIENT?s President and CEO to signify endorsement.

3.2 Social and Interactive Media. CLIENT will provide USAA with access to its social media channels for
the purpose of creating new messaging for CLIENT members on a schedule agreed between the Parties as to timing
and frequency, and will also promote, repost, or amplify USAA content at USAA?s request. USAA will have access
to the full range of CLIENT?s social media channels, but the placement of each message within a particular channel
will be subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties and according to USB?s social media strategic priorities.

3.3 Third Party Marketing Channels. USB may, at its own expense, utilize third party marketing channels,
including but not limited to targeted digital, paid search, paid social, and out-of-home to deliver advertisements to
Members. Creative will be approved as set forth herein, and placement or distribution of ads will be executed
according to USB?s marketing and media strategies and any predetermined criteria for ad delivery.

3.4 Print Assets. To the extent that CLIENT publishes a magazine or newsletter, CLIENT shall give USB
regular access to its print channels to include advertisements promoting the products and services of USB. This
access shall also include any electronic versions of CLIENT?s communications.

3.5 Websites. CLIENT shall provide USB prominent placement on its digital properties, including but not
limited to homepage, rotating banners, static banners, corporate sponsor pages, and supporting program pages.
Placement may include USAA logo and /or textual reference, and links to usaa.com and supporting product pages.

3.6 Events. CLIENT shall provide USB access and recognition at CLIENT?s events, the timing and frequency
of which will be coordinated by the Parties. USB will be recognized at the highest level of corporate sponsorship
and will receive all benefits commensurate with the level of sponsorship.

3.7 Other Marketing Channels or Opportunities. USB will have access to additional CLIENT channels or
opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program as may be approved by CLIENT. CLIENT will use
reasonable efforts to approve use of additional channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program.

ARTICLE 4: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

4.1 Approval of Marketing Channel and Content. The channel and content of such marketing shall be
mutually agreed to by the Parties, provided, however, that USB shall have the final approval of any language that
needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to be include or removed to
comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

42 Marketing Expense. Creative for marketing of Covered Products and direct mail for Covered Products
will be at USB?s expense.

43 Applications and Underwriting. USB will provide the capabilities necessary to establish product or service
relationships with individual Members. USB shall have the exclusive right to determine whether to establish or not
establish a product or service with any individual and shall be solely responsible for determining any and all
requirements and criteria for establishing such product or service. CLIENT acknowledges that USB products and
services are subject to certain eligibility restrictions and that some of CLIENT?s Members or may not be eligible for
all products and services of USB, and that products or services offered to individuals within certain eligibility
classifications may have different rates, benefits, or features than products or services established with individuals
who meet eligibility criteria.
USAA CONFIDENTIAL Page 3

Confidential
