USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002931

Remittance Information. For each Entry initiated, USAA shall communicate the information
related to the payment (?Remittance Information?) as specified in the attached EFT
Implementation Form. USMMA ALUMNI FOUNDATION acknowledges that its receipt of
Remittance Information, if communicated separately from the payment to which the
Remittance Information relates, will not constitute a warranty by USAA that the funds
transfer has been initiated or that any resulting payment order will be accepted by USMMA
ALUMNI FOUNDATION?S financial institution on any date specified in the Remittance
Information.

Timeliness. A payment from USAA to USMMA ALUMNI FOUNDATION shall be
considered timely with respect to any due date determined in accordance with the Business
Agreement if USAA initiates the Entry no later than such payment due date. However, if
financial institutions are not open for business on such payment due date, USAA?s payment
shall be deemed timely if the Entry is initiated on the next day financial institutions are open
for business.

Partial Payments. Notwithstanding any statement contained in any Remittance Information to
the contrary, the completion of any funds transfer hereunder shall not constitute full
satisfaction of USAA?s obligations if the amount paid is less than that required by the
underlying business obligation owed by USAA to USMMA ALUMNI FOUNDATION.

Security Procedures. Payment instructions and Remittance Information exchanged shall be
solely used for the purpose intended under the terms of the Business Agreement and shall not
be made available for any other purposes. Each party shall employ reasonable security
procedures to ensure that payment instructions, Remittance Information, notices and other
information specified herein that are electronically created, communicated, processed, stored,
retained or retrieved are authentic, accurate, reliable, complete, and reasonably protected from
access, use or modification by persons not specifically authorized to carry out the purposes of
the Business Agreement.

Questions and Errors. In the event of any question or error relating to Entries initiated,
USMMA ALUMNI FOUNDATION should contact the Accounts Payable hotline at (21 0)
498-2288.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 13 of 14
