EXHIBIT A
Anti-Bribery Laws Compliance Certification

NORWICH certifies the following:

General Compliance with Laws. The Agreement is contingent upon compliance with all applicable U.S. and
foreign anti-bribery laws and regulations, including without limitation the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
?FCPA?), the U.K. Bribery Act, Bank Bribery Act, as well as such U.S. federal and state Laws and Laws of any
foreign countries in which NORWICH are chartered, incorporated, licensed, resides, or operates its business
(collectively, the "Anti-Bribery Laws"). "Government Official" shall mean a "government official" as defined under
the Anti-Bribery Laws. In this respect, the term "government official" means (a) any officer or employee of any
domestic or foreign government, or any department, agency, or entity of any government, including any company or
enterprise that is owned or controlled in whole or in part by any government, (b) a candidate for public office or an
officer or employee of any political party, (c) an officer or employee of a public international organization (such as
the World Bank or the International Monetary Fund), or (d) any person acting in an official capacity on behalf of
any government, political party, or public international organization. A Government Official may be an elected or
appointed official, employee, representative, or agent of a government or department, agency, or entity of a
government. Individuals included range from senior officials to low level employees of the executive, legislative,
administrative, military, or judicial branch of a national, regional, state, provincial, or local government.
Representation and Warranties. NORWICH represents and warrants that in connection with execution of this
Agreement:

a) NORWICH is familiar with the requirements of the Anti-Bribery Laws;

b) All activities of NORWICH will be conducted in accordance with the Anti-Bribery Laws;

c) NORWICH has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to a Government Official.

d) NORWICH has not directly or indirectly offered or given anything of value to any other person, while
knowing or having a reasonable belief that all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value
will be provided to a Government Official.

e) NORWICH has not violated, or caused USAA to violate, the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery
Law in connection with its work on behalf of USAA.

f) NORWICH has not offered or paid anything of value to any person for purposes of inducing a person to
perform a relevant activity improperly, as defined in the UK Bribery Act.

g) NORWICH does not know or have reason to believe that any of its employees, or consultant, agent,
intermediary, or other person retained by NORWICH in connection with its work on behalf of USAA has
violated, nor cause USAA to violate the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law.

h) NORWICH will continue to abide by the FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law as if it was
subject to it.

i) NORWICH will immediately advise USAA if it learns of or has reason to know of any violations of the
FCPA or any other applicable Anti-Bribery Law in connection with Services it provides to USAA.

j) NORWICH understands that false certification is grounds for USAA to withhold payment and immediately
terminate existing business agreement between Provide and USAA.

k) NORWICH agrees to promptly notify USAA if any of these certifications becomes false during the course
of the business relationship between NORWICH and USAA.

1) NORWICH understands that any information indicating that this certification is false or that NORWICH
has otherwise breached the Agreement with USAA may be shared by USAA to the U.S. Department of
Justice, other agencies of the U.S. government, or regulators of USAA.

Maintaining Books and Records. In connection with execution of this Agreement, NORWICH will maintain
written books and records in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Records will be
maintained of all expenditures made by or on behalf of NORWICH that clearly and accurately identify the persons
or entities that receive payments. Upon reasonable suspicion of a breach of this term, USAA may annually audit the
books and records related to the execution of this Agreement of NORWICH to ensure NORWICH compliance with
the representation and warranties under the Anti-Bribery Laws.

Authority to Bind, The undersigned hereby certifies he/she has authority to enter into and bind NORWICH to all
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the foregoing certification. This certification and the
representation/warranties made herein shall continue for the term of any agreements between NORWICH and
USAA.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
