_

Ml
Ml

[ox
Wn
E

USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000000372-03

?Addendum #1" or ?Addendum? means this Addendum #1.

"Card" means a credit or payment card issued by USAA or its Affiliates under the Program and made available to a
Product Holder which is branded with approved WPAOG or Academy Marks and/or Content. The Card may be a
MasterCard, Visa or American Express card as USAA shall determine in its discretion.

?Cardholder? means an Applicant in whose name an Account is established, including a joint accountholder or
guarantor or authorized user thereof.

?Data Merge? means the process by which USAA?s third party data analytics provider determines the size of the
WPAOG Member List.

"Effective Date" means the date first set forth above.

"Intellectual Property Rights" means copyright, design rights, rights in databases, moral rights, trade marks,
service marks, trade and business names, patents, rights in inventions and other intellectual property rights, in each
case whether registered or unregistered and including applications for the grant of the foregoing and all rights or
forms of protection having equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing which may subsist anywhere in the
world. WPAOG and AAA will secure approval from the United States Military Academy Licensing Director for the
use of any intellectual property owned or controlled by the Department of the Army or United States Military
Academy on merchandise or materials which promote the Program.

?Marketing Access Fee? means the payment by USAA to WPAOG the annual Marketing Access Fee set forth in
Article 2, Compensation.

?Member? means an individual who is a member, prospect, supporter, donor, or who is otherwise affiliated with
WPAOG. Unless otherwise specified, Member shall refer to WPAOG Members and AAA Members collectively.

?Member List? means a list containing the names, residential addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and
other available information of Members.

?Personnel? means the officers, directors, and employees of the relevant party.

"Privacy Rules" means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and its implementing regulations applicable to
national banks, the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information and state
laws regarding the privacy and security of consumers? personal information.

?Product? means an account opened by an individual pursuant to USAA?s processes for establishing any USAA
product or service.

?Product Holder? means an individual in whose name a USAA product or service is established, including a joint
accountholder or guarantor or authorized user thereof.

?Program? means the affinity marketing program between USAA and WPAOG offered pursuant to this Addendum
#l,

?Program Materials? means any marketing material, application forms, solicitation materials, telemarketing
scripts, or other materials related to the Program.

?Quarter? means each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.

?Relevant Authority? means any agency or other governmental authority having authority to regulate USAA and
its Affiliates.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL Page 2

Confidential
