USAA CONTRACT L ATROL NUMBER: 1029280

With a copy to:

United Services Automobile Association
9800 Fredericksburg Rd, D3E

San Antonio, Texas 78288

ATTN: Michelle Bosarge, Contract Advisor
Affinity Management & Development

Notices to CCA shall be sent to:

Texas Aggies Corps of Cadets Association
4520 Lindenwood Drive

Frisco, Texas 75034

Attn: Don Crawford, 877-892-4222

ARTICLE 17: FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be held responsible or liable under this Agreement due to strikes, lockouts, riots,
fires, acts of God, or any other cause beyond such Party?s reasonable control. This Article shall not relieve the
Parties of their obligation to have commercially reasonable contingency plans in place to restore service and
operations, to mitigate exposure and put in place other foreseeable protections. In the event that one Party has a
force majeure event preventing them from performing under this Agreement for more than thirty (30)
consecutive calendar days, the other Party to this Agreement may terminate this Agreement without default.

ARTICLE 18: DISPUTES

18.1 Informal Dispute Resolution. Without limiting any other remedy set forth in this Agreement, this
Article shall govern any dispute between USAA and CCA arising from or related to the subject matter of this
Agreement that is not resolved by agreement between their respective personnel responsible for day-to-day
administration and performance of this Agreement (?Dispute?). If any of the provisions of this Article are
determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in effect and binding on the
parties to the fullest extent permitted by law. Other than a suit seeking injunctive relief with respect to
intellectual property rights, the Party believing itself aggrieved (the ?Invoking Party?) will call for progressive
management involvement in the dispute negotiation by giving written notice to the other Party in the manner set
forth below prior to submitting any Dispute to mediation or arbitration. USAA and CCA will use their best
efforts to arrange personal meetings and/or telephone conferences as needed, at mutually convenient times and
places, between their negotiators at the following successive management levels, each of which will have a
period of allotted time as specified below in which to attempt to resolve the dispute.

USAA CCA Resolution Time
Contract Advisor, Corporate Negotiator, or : : :

Director, Company & Staff Agency Contracting Executive Director 5 business days
Executive Director, Contracting or Assistant Executive Director 5 business days
Vice President, Contracting

Vice President, Procurement or Senior Vice Executive Director 10 business days
President, Corporate Services

The allotted time for the first-level negotiators will begin on the date of the Invoking Party?s notice. Ifa
resolution is not achieved by the negotiators at any given management level at the end of their allotted time, then
the allotted time for the negotiators at the next management level, if any, will begin immediately. If a resolution
is not achieved by any of the preceding, then either Party may proceed in mediation. Notwithstanding the

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 8 of 14
