USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002368

Recipient shall be responsible for any breach of the confidential obligations by such Persons, The Recipient will
noufy the Disclosing Party as soon as possible of any misuse of or unauthorized access to Confidential
Information of which it becomes aware and will cooperate in remedying such situation prompily. The Recipient
may disclose Confidential Information if required to be disclosed by a courl order or operation of law. Before
disclosing any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party under courl order or operation of law, the
Recipient shall provide the Disclosing Party reasonable notice and the opportunity to object to or limit such
disclosure

7.4 Ownership. The Parties agree that cach Party is deemed to be the sole owner of all Confidential
Information disclosed by such Party to the other Party. Confidential Information provided direetly by Members
to USAA will be deemed to be USAA?s Confidential Information, Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, or as the Parties may agree from time to time, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
convey to the receiving Party any right, tite, interest or copyright in any Confidential Information or any license
to use, sell, exploit, copy or further develop any such Confidential Information.

7.4 Prohibited Use and Disclosare. USAA and NORWICH, for themselves and their respective officers,
directors. employees, representatives, Affiliates and agents agree that they shall treat and hold in trust all
Confidential Information solely for the Disclosing Party?s benefit or otherwise destroy such Confidential
Information, Neither Party hereto shall disclose. publish or make use of the Confidential Information without the
express written consent of a duly authorized corporate officer of the disclosing Party other than in accordince
with this Agreement,

7.5 Data Transmission, NORWICH shall transmit Member fists to USAA using hard drive encryption
software such as PGP Desktop Professional.

76 Termination. Except as set forth below or as required by law, after termination of this Agreement, each
Party shall promptly return to the other Party, or at the other Party's option either certify destruction of, or take
commercially reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of all tangible material containing or otherwise
reflecting Confidential Information, If either Party has provided Confidential Information of the other Party to
third parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Party providing such Confidential Information
to third parties shall be responsible for such third parties compliance with the requirements of this Article,

ARTICLE 8: USE OF MARKS

8.1 Use and Owuership of USAA Marks, USAA retains the exclusive ownership right to any distinctive
trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery, pictures and other
symbols and devices associated with USAA?s products or services (collectively referred to herein as ?USAA
Marks?) that have been or may hereafter be created or developed by USAA, USAA shall provide the USAA
Marks that shall be used by NORWICH in marketing the Program on a non-exclusive, nontransferable,
non-assignable license basis during the term of this Agreement. NORWICH shall not use the USAA Marks in
any manner without USAA?s prior written consent. All uses by NORWICH of USAA Marks shall inure solely to
the benefit of USAA. Subject to this Section 8.1, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
NORWICH shall immediately discontinue the use of such USAA Marks and promptly destroy or return to
USAA any tangible materials bearing such USAA Mark, excluding past issues of printed documents such as
magazines or calendars,

82. Use and Ownership of NORWICH Marks, NORWICH retains the exclusive ownership right to any
distinctive trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery, pictures and
other symbols and devices associated with NORWICH?S products or services (collectively referred to herein as
?NORWICH Marks,? collectively with USAA Marks, the ?Marks?) that. have been or may hereafter be created
or developed by NORWICH. USAA and its Affiliates shall have limited authority to use NORWICH Marks in
Marketing Materials on @ non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license basis during the term af this
Agreement; provided that, USAA and its Affiliates shall not use the NORWICH Marks in any manner
inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent of NORWICH, Upon the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, USAA and its Affiliates shall inimediately discontinue the use of

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 4 of 10

