USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

any other cause beyond such Party?s reasonable control. This Article shall not relieve the Parties of their
obligation to have commercially reasonable contingency plans in place to restore service and operations, to
mitigate exposure and put in place other foreseeable protections. In the event that one Party has a force majeure
event preventing them from performing under this Agreement for more than thirty (30) consecutive calendar
days, the other Party to this Agreement may terminate this Agreement without default. -

ARTICLE 18: DISPUTES

18.1 Informal Dispute Resolution. Without limiting any other remedy set forth in this Agreement, this
Article shall govern any dispute between USAA and NAVY ENTITIES arising from or related to the subject
matter of this Agreement that is not resolved by agreement between their respective personnel responsible for
day-to-day administration and performance of this Agreement (?Dispute?). If any of the provisions of this
Article are determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in effect and
binding on the parties to the fullest extent permitted by law. Other than a suit seeking injunctive relief with
respect to intellectual property rights, the Party believing itself aggrieved (the ?Invoking Party?) will call for
progressive management involvement in the dispute negotiation by giving written notice to the other Party in the
manner set forth below prior to submitting any Dispute to mediation or arbitration. USAA and NAVY
ENTITIES will use their best efforts to arrange personal meetings and/or telephone conferences as needed, at
mutually convenient times and places, between their negotiators at the following successive management levels,
each of which will have a period of allotted time as specified below in which to attempt to resolve the dispute.

USAA NAVY ENTITIES Resolution Time
Director Business Operations-

Contract Advisor, Corporate Negotiator, or USNAAA 5 business days

Director, Company & Staff Agency Contracting | Associate AD of Corporate x
Sales-NAAA

Executive Director, Contracting or Assistant CFO-USNAAA 5 business days |

Vice President, Contracting Deputy AD-NAAA

Senior Vice President, Procurement or Executive | CEO-USNAAA 10 business days

Vice President, Corporate Services Athletic Director-NAAA

The allotted time for the first-level negotiators will begin on the date of the Invoking Party?s notice. If a
resolution is not achieved by the negotiators at any given management level at the end of their allotted time, then
the allotted time for the negotiators at the next management level, if any, will begin immediately. Ifa resolution
is not achieved by any of the preceding, then either Party may proceed in mediation. Notwithstanding the
foregoing resolution procedure, an arbitration proceeding may be filed to avoid the expiration of a statute of
limitation applicable to a particular claim pending resolution in the manner and order required by this Article 18.

18.2. Mediation.

18.2.1 A Party shall submit a Dispute to mediation by written notice to the other Party or Parties. The
mediator shall be selected by the Parties. Any mediator must be acceptable to all Parties. If the Parties
cannot agree on a mediator, a mediator shall be designated by the American Arbitration Association
(?AAA?) at the request of a Party. The Mediation Rules of the AAA shall be used at the mediation. If
USAA initiates a Dispute, then the mediation shall take place in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. If
NAVY ENTITIES initiates a Dispute, then the mediation shall take place in Bexar County, Texas.

18.2.2 The mediator shall conduct the mediation as he/she determines, with the agreement of the
Parties. The Parties shall discuss their differences in good faith and attempt, with the mediator?s
assistance, to reach an amicable resolution of the Dispute. The mediation shall be treated as a settlement
discussion and shall therefore be confidential. The mediator may not testify for either Party in any later
proceeding relating to the dispute. The mediation proceedings shall not be recorded or transcribed.

18.2.3 Each Party shall bear its own costs in the mediation. The Parties shall share equally the fees and
expenses of the mediator.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 9 of 17
