q) Except as otherwise provided herein, SFCU is responsible for, and hereby
covenants to comply with Applicable Law pertaining to the advertising, marketing and
administration of the Program. SFCU agrees to indemnify and hold Stanford harmless from
and against any and all claims, causes of action, losses, costs or damages incurred or suffered
by Stanford (including reasonable attorneys? fees) arising from a breach of this representation.

(k) On a timeframe to be agreed upon by the parties, SFCU will forward to SAA
and DAPER all out-opt requests from any promotional material sent under this Agreement

and exclude such individuals from future promotional efforts.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) The Group on the one hand, and SFCU, on the other hand, each represents and
warrants to the other that as of the Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii) | SFCU assumes this Agreement is duly executed and authorized by
SAA and DAPER on behalf of and for the benefit of themselves respectively, and Stanford
University. The Group assumes this Agreement is duly executed and authorized by SFCU.
With such assumptions made as aforesaid, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors? rights generally
and by general principles of equity.

(iv) | Noconsent, approval or authorization from any third party is required
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as
have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such
party will not constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling
applicable to such party.

(b) Stanford University and Group each, respectively, represents and warrants to
SFCU as of the Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement that it has the right
and power to license the Trademarks to SFCU for use as contemplated by this Agreement and
that provided the use of these Trademarks by SFCU is with permission as described under this
Agreement, SFCU?s use of the Trademarks shall not constitute an infringement. The Group
will indemnify, defend and hold harmless SFCU, its directors, officers, agents, employees,
Affiliates, and successors from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims (including
those threatened or alleged), actions, demands (including pre-litigation demands), costs of
investigating a claim, damages, costs, and expenses, including attorneys? fees and expenses

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 11
