(b) If either SFCU or Stanford University becomes insolvent in that its liabilities
exceed its assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any
insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to
receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the other party may immediately terminate
this Agreement.

(c) In the event of a change in Applicable Law (?New Applicable Law?) that
makes the continued performance of the Program, the Compensation, the Agreement or any
part thereof a violation of the New Applicable Law, as determined in the parties? reasonable
mutual discretion, the parties shall work together in good faith to restructure the Program
and/or Agreement to conform with the New Applicable Law. In the event that the Program
and/or Agreement (or compensation thereunder) is no longer able to conform to the New
Applicable Law, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement by providing
written notice to the other party, with such termination taking effect upon the earlier of: (a)
the effective day of the New Applicable Law; or (b) ninety (90) days from the date of the
written notice of termination. For the avoidance of doubt, a New Applicable Law that has the
effect of causing SFCU to increase its costs to comply with such law does not constitute an
event that would require restructuring of this Agreement.

(d) | Upon termination of this Agreement, SFCU shall, in a manner consistent with
Section 11(f) of this Agreement, cease to use the Trademarks. SFCU agrees that upon such
termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to the
Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. However, SFCU may conclude all
solicitation that is required by law, including without limitation sending prescreen pre-
approvals and responding to applications, provided, however, the form of such solicitations
which, if not previously obtained shall be subject to the Group?s prior written consent per
Section 2(g) which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(e) | SFCU shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in
connection with, relating or referring to the termination of this Agreement to be
communicated by the Group to Stanford alumni and Stanford University athletics supporters.
Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Group shall have the right
of prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating to or referring to the
termination of this Agreement to be communicated by SFCU to the Customers. Such approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(f) | Upon termination of this Agreement, neither Stanford University, nor Group
shall attempt to cause the removal of Stanford University?s identification or Trademarks from
Customer?s credit devices, checks or records existing as of the effective date of termination of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Group pays SFCU $3.00 per Affinity
Credit Card Account to cover the costs of re-issue, SFCU agrees that, within one hundred
twenty (120) days following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, it shall issue
card plastics not bearing any Trademark as replacements for all outstanding and prospective
Program card plastics which bear a Trademark. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the cause of
termination is a material breach by SFCU, Group may, at its sole discretion, require SFCU to

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 15
