(collectively, ?Claims??), arising out of a breach of this representation. Each party shall
promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any Claims or
complaints relating to such license or the use of any Trademarks.

(c) Stanford University and Group, each respectively, represents and warrants to
SFCU as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this Agreement that the Trademarks
constitute all of trade dress licensed or used by or associated with DAPER and SAA in
comnection with any Affinity Credit Card Products, individually or jointly between themselves
or with others. Stanford University shall not adopt or use, nor permit any person to adopt or
use any other trade dress in violation of the foregoing representation.

(d) The Group represents and warrants that it shall operate its business in
compliance with all Applicable Law and shall provide Customers will all opt out notices and
other notices required by Applicable Law with respect to the disclosure of the Mailing Lists to
SFCU. Further, the Group represents and warrants that it maintains a privacy policy in
accordance with Applicable Law that allows the sharing of Customer information with SFCU
for purposes of marketing and administering the Program.

5. COMPENSATION

(a) In consideration for Group?s license of the Trademarks and its participation in
the Program, SAA shall be guaranteed licensing/sponsorship payments equal to Eight
Million Dollars ($8 000,000.00) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by the end of the full Term of
the Agreement, subject to subsections (b) and (c), as well as the conditions described in
Paragraph B of Schedule A. The Guarantee Amount shall be paid by SFCU in non-
recoupable annual installments of Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars ($800,000.00) per
Contract Year in accordance with the quarterly payment schedule described on Schedule
A. SAA has the ability to earn receive additional compensation over and above the annual
sponsorship guarantee based on a two tiered approach as in Paragraph B of Schedule A. For
the avoidance of doubt, SFCU has no payment or compensation obligations to DAPER
pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) SFCU shall not make any payments to SAA until a W-9 Form and ACH Form
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to SFCU.

(c) On or before the forty fifth (45") day after the end of each calendar quarter
beginning with the second quarter of 2016 and continuing for the duration of the Term of this
Agreement, SFCU will provide SAA and DAPER with a statement showing the number of
Customers with Open Affinity Credit Card Accounts under this Program.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

SFCU has the right to make periodic adjustments to SFCU?s products incorporated in the
Program, including changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may, as a
benefit under the Program, be offered opportunities to select credit protection and other
products and services. SFCU will provide 90 days? notice to the Group of any significant

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 12
