DAPER, as applicable. SFCU shall ensure that its employees, Affiliates or agents with access
to the Mailing Lists of the obligations described in this Agreement regarding the use and
duties associated with the Mailing Lists. SFCU will use appropriate data protection standards
to protect the personal information provided to SFCU by SAA and DAPER under this
Agreement. However, SFCU may maintain separately all information which it obtains as a
result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of SFCU?s own files and shall not be subject to this Agreement;
provided however that SFCU will not use this separate information in a manner that would
imply an endorsement by Stanford University, SAA or DAPER of any product or service
other than Affinity Credit/Debit Card Products, or the Mortgage Loan or Auto Loan Products,
during the term of this Agreement, or an endorsement by Stanford University, SAA or
DAPER of any SFCU product or service after the term of this Agreement.

(f) Neither SFCU, its Affiliates, nor any third parties subcontracted by SFCU shall
sell, transfer or otherwise provide the Mailing Lists to any other third party except as
necessary or appropriate to assist SFCU in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

(g) The parties agree to focus on enhancing Program customer service during the
Term. To that end, SFCU and the Group agree

(i) SFCU will distribute a separate phone number to Customers to handle
incoming Customer service calls during SFCU?s business hours through a preferred
customer service queue. The Group and SFCU agree to evaluate the effectiveness of
the preferred telephone queue, and SFCU?s performance on a quarterly basis. SFCU
will provide summary reports to SAA and DAPER on a bi-annual basis.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if SFCU eliminates the preferred servicing queue,
SFCU and Group shall mutually agree upon a suitable alternative.

(ii) Subject to the constraints set forth above in (i), SFCU agrees to use best
efforts to keep SAA and DAPER informed as set forth in this Section and to respond
to any customer complaints and disputes forwarded to the SFCU in an effective and
prompt manner.

(h) SFCU agrees to limit the number of Program direct mail new account
solicitations sent to those names on the Mailing Lists to four (4) times per year. SFCU shall
be responsible for ensuring that the account names are removed from the Mailing Lists after
the frequency noted herein. This requirement excludes the Seed List. Further, the direct mail
contact limitations described in this Section shall not apply to any additional direct mail
solicitations allowed pursuant to Section 2(h).

(i) SFCU will arrange to offer and/or make available Credit Card Account
statement year end summaries at no additional cost to eligible Customers who request them.
If SFCU discontinues providing year end summaries (online or via paper), it shall notify
Group in accordance with the time frame described in subsection (i) above.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 10
