(ii) SAA and DAPER Sponsor Identification: SAA and DAPER shall each
conduct quarterly email sponsor identification for the Program in a mutually agreed
upon format to the updated and segmented SAA and DAPER email Mailing Lists
during each calendar year during the Term. All such email communications
concerning the Program conducted by Group shall be approved in advance by SFCU
in writing. SAA and DAPER each shall comply with SFCU?s reasonable instructions
and all Applicable Law concerning the distribution of Program sponsorship
identification by email, including without limitation, compliance with the requirements
of the CAN SPAM Acct. Subject to the obligations set forth in the preceding sentence,
SAA and DAPER each shall comply with SFCU?s reasonable instructions concerning
compliance of such email communications with Applicable Law regarding email
communications for the Program, including without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. Group and SFCU shall mutually agree
upon the design of Program materials to be placed in any email.

(iii) | Events: Subject to the terms of this Agreement and in compliance with
Applicable Law, SAA will allow SFCU to provide a minimum of four financial
education seminars to Stanford University alumni during each calendar year during the
Term. Additionally, SAA will consider SFCU participation in additional events such
as Reunion Homecoming. If sponsorships are incorporated into SAA events in the
future, SAA will provide SFCU first right of refusal to participate. All events and
activities require prior approval in writing by SAA, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

(iv) Publications: SAA will provide SFCU with advertising space
promoting the Program in each edition of the STANFORD magazine during the Term
to be charged at the preferred partner advertising rates. If SFCU requests preferred
placement, meaning the back cover or inside cover, SFCU and Group shall mutually
agree upon the price for such preferred placement, subject to space availability, and
SFCU agrees to pay such reasonable and actual cost for such preferred placement;
provided, that, the parties have mutually agreed on the amount, such amount is
reasonable and does not reflect any mark-up or other hidden costs.

(v) Direct mail: Subject to the terms of this Agreement, SAA and
DAPER will allow SFCU to conduct a minimum of six (6) direct mail campaigns per
calendar year during the Term using the SAA Mailing List and DAPER Mailing List,
except that no individual (whether appearing on an SAA Mailing List, DAPER
Mailing List or both) shall receive more than four (4) mailings a year. For the sake of
clarity, while SFCU may conduct multiple direct mail campaigns, individuals
appearing on Mailing Lists are not permitted to receive more than four mailings per
calendar year. For the sake of clarity, if an individual on the mailing list becomes a
member of SFCU, then SFCU has the right to contact that individual without
restriction.

(vi) | Membership: SAA shall include SFCU membership benefits, as
mutually agreed upon, in SAA new member and annual renewal packages.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 8
