?Student? means an individual currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program of
Stanford University.

?Term? means from the Effective Date through the end of the 10-year contract period as
described in Section 8 of this Agreement ? March 1, 2016 to February 28, 2026.

?Trademarks? means only those designs, images, visual representations, logos, service
marks, trade dress, trade name, including signatures or trademarks represented on Schedule B.
For the avoidance of doubt, Trademarks excludes Stanford University marks that are not
included on Schedule B.

University Business Day means Monday through Friday except for days that are a national or

university holiday according to Stanford?s Holiday schedule,
https://cardinalatwork stanford .edu/benefits-rewards/compensation/holiday-schedule.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF SAA AND DAPER.

(a) SAA agrees during the Term of this Agreement that it will identify SFCU as its
exclusive sponsor of Affinity Credit Card and Debit Card Products, as well as Mortgage Loan
and Auto Loan Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For clarity, the
Group will comply with RESPA and not market or offer Mortgage Loan Products. Except as
provided in 2(b), SAA, will, neither directly or indirectly: (i) solicit proposals for programs
offering, or discuss with any organization (other than SFCU) the providing of any Affinity
Credit or Debit Card Products, or Mortgage Loan or Auto Loan Products, of any entity other
than SFCU; (ii) license or allow others to license the Trademarks in relation to or for
promoting any Affinity Credit or Debit Card Products, or any Mortgage Loan or Auto Loan
Products, of any entity other than SFCU; and, (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or
allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of the SAA Mailing Lists or
information about any current or potential SAA Accounts in relation to or for promoting any
Affinity Credit or Debit Card Products, or any Mortgage Loan or Auto Loan Products of any
entity other than SFCU; provided, however (for the avoidance of doubt) that divisions or
departments of Stanford University other than SAA may use mailing lists that contain
information similar to that on Mailing Lists, provided the source of such mailing lists, in
whole or in part, is not SAA. For the sake of clarity, this Section 2(a) does not apply to
DAPER provided, however, that DAPER shall not brand any Affinity Credit Card or Debit
Card Product with an entity other than SFCU.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained above in Section 2(a) or elsewhere in this
Agreement to the contrary, the Group may solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss
with any organization other than SFCU, the providing of Affinity Credit or Debit Card
Products, or Mortgage Loan or Auto Loan Products, from any entity other than SFCU during
the eighteen (18) months immediately preceding the expiration of the Term of this
Agreement; provided, however, that no agreement between the Group and any entity other
than SFCU for the providing of Affinity Credit/Debit Card or Mortgage/Auto Loan Products
shall have an effective date prior to the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement as
set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 4
