(e.g., camera ready art) required by SFCU for the Program as soon as possible but no later
than ten (10) University Business Days after Group?s execution of this Agreement.

(k) Subject to the approval procedures described in Section 2 (g and j) above, and
in all cases in accordance with Applicable Law, SFCU has the right to place Trademarks on
gifts for individuals completing applications and on promotional items, such as t-shirts, hats,
?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in SFCU?s judgment for the solicitation of Affinity
Credit/Debit Card Accounts or Mortgage or Auto Loan applications. SFCU and the Group
agree that in selecting and approving the use and appearance of the Trademarks on such gifts,
the stature and reputation of Stanford University shall be a primary consideration. Any such
gifts or items must be approved in advance by Stanford University Licensing, a division of
Stanford University, produced by a licensed vendor and SFCU must pay the standard royalty
fee.

(dd) In consideration of the payments made by SFCU to SAA pursuant to Section A
of Schedule A of the Agreement, SAA and DAPER shall provide to SFCU the following
marketing opportunities during each Contract Year during the Term.

(i) Internet:

qd) Banner Sponsorship: SAA shall allow SFCU to
publicize the Program on SAA?s membership page, or via other SAA website(s) as
mutually agreed in writing between SAA and SFCU. DAPER shall allow SFCU to
publicize the Program on the DAPER website(s) as mutually agreed in writing
between DAPER and SFCU. SFCU may establish a link on Group?s websites to
another Internet site to enable a person to open a SFCU membership and/or apply for
an Affinity Credit/Debit Card Product or Mortgage/Auto Loan Product. The Group
will, respectively as the case may be, modify or remove such Program sponsorships
within three (3) University Business Day of SFCU?s request. To enable SFCU to view
all Program sponsorship materials, Group will provide SFCU with the ability to access
all pages within SAA?s and DAPER?s websites, including ?members only? access
pages. Group and SFCU shall mutually agree upon the design of Program materials
that appear on SAA or DAPER home page(s).

(2) Sponsorship Page: SAA shall dedicate a page of its
website to the sponsorship agreement between SFCU and SAA which shall contain a
description of the Program and available products and services offered by SFCU and
such page shall provide a link to SFCU?s website to enable a person to open a
membership and/or apply for an Affinity Credit/Debit Card Product or Mortgage/Auto
Loan Product. DAPER shall dedicate a page of its website to the sponsorship
agreement between SFCU and DAPER which shall contain a description of the
Program and available products and services offered by SFCU and such page shall
provide a link to SFCU?s website to enable a person to open a membership and/or
apply for an Affinity Credit/Debit Card Product or Mortgage/Auto Loan Product.
Group and SFCU shall mutually agree upon the design and content of the pages
described in this Section.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 7
