?Mailing List? means an updated and current list (in a format and medium mutually agreed
upon by SFCU, SAA and DAPER, as the case may be) containing non-duplicate names with
corresponding valid postal addresses of all members who are at least eighteen years of age,
segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected characteristics.

?Mortgage Loan Product? means a loan secured by the collateral of specified real estate
property that the borrower is obliged to pay back with a predetermined set of payments.

?Open Credit Card Account? means a Credit Card Account which (i) is not in default under
the applicable Credit Card Account agreement; (ii) does not have a status code which blocks
further charges (e.g., over limit, delinquent, closed by grantor, closed by Customer, etc.); (iii)
has at least one plastic (card) which has been issued and validated; and (iv) has been issued to
the person(s) who requested the Credit Card Account and such person(s) was the person(s) to
whom SFCU intended to extend credit.

?Program? means the operations and promotion of those programs and services, including
the Affinity Credit Card Products, Affinity Debit Card Products, Mortgage Loan Products and
Auto Loan Products, that SFCU agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Stanford
University community from time to time.

?SAA? is as defined in the introductory paragraph to the Agreement.

?SAA Account? means an alumnus of Stanford University identified on an SAA Mailing List
or otherwise identified to SFCU by SAA.

?SAA Mailing List? means a Mailing List comprised of Stanford University alumni.
?SAA Trademark? means a Trademark identified on Schedule B pertaining to SAA.

?Seed List? means a list provided by SAA or DAPER of Stanford staff names who must
receive all promotions, including direct mailings and emails, distributed by SFCU under this
Agreement.

?Stanford Community? means alumni of Stanford University and/or Stanford University
athletics supporters or other potential participants mutually agreed to by SAA or DAPER and
SFCU. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of ?Stanford Community? does NOT
include Students.

?Stanford Federal Credit Union Member? means an existing member of SFCU, whose eligibility
is defined by the SFCU charter, including the Stanford Community and over 100 local employers,
plus the Museum of American Heritage (MOAH) and the Friends of the Palo Alto Library (FOPAL).

?Stanford University? means the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University and
any of its offices or departments (including SAA and DAPER).

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 3
