Agreement. Purdue Federal may, in its discretion, remove the Trademarks from any person's
credit devices, checks or records. Otherwise, Purdue Federal shall, upon termination of this
Agreement, cease to use the Trademarks.

(6a) Review of Termination Notice. Purdue Federal shall have the right to prior
review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating or referring to the termination of
this Agreement communicated by PAA to the Members. Such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Upon termination of this Agreement, PAA shall not attempt to cause the
removal of PAA?s identification or Trademarks from any person's credit devices, checks or
records existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

(g) Remedies:

?)) In the event of a default by either party, the other party may exercise any
other remedy available at law or in equity. This paragraph shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement;

(ii) Should any litigation be commenced between PAA and Purdue Federal
concerning this Agreement, or the rights and duties of any party in relation
thereto, each party prevailing in such litigation shall be entitled, in
addition to such other relief as may be granted, to a reasonable sum for its
attorney fees in such litigation if determined by the court in such litigation.

(iii) | The above remedies shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any
other remedies available at law or in equity, and the exercise of any one
such remedy shall not constitute an election so as to exclude the exercise
of any other such available remedy.

(iv) Failure to exercise any option or remedy herein specified at the time of
default shall not operate as a waiver of the right to exercise that option or
remedy for any continuing or subsequent default.

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

(b) The obligations in Sections 6(b), 6(c), 7, 9(c), 9(d), and 9(e), and 9(f) shall
survive any termination of this Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be
deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be
construed as part of this Agreement.
