UNIVERSITY CREDIT UNION
AND
UNIVERSITY OF MAINE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This AFFINITY AGREEMENT ( ?Agreement?) is entered into as of this first day of April, 2013 (the
?Effective Date?) by and between UNIVERSITY CREDIT UNION, a state chartered credit union having its
principal place of business in Orono, Maine (?UCU?) and the GENERAL ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF
THE UNIVERSITY OF MAINE, d/b/a UNIVERSITY OF MAINE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, a Maine non-
profit corporation, having its principal place of business in Orono, Maine (?UMAA?), for themselves and
their respective successors and assigns.

1. DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following
meanings:

?Affinity Portfolio Balance? means the total loan balances associated with Credit Card Accounts
established under this Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means a credit card account opened by a Member in direct or indirect
response to marketing efforts made pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the number of credit
cards issued in connection with the Credit Card Account.

?Financial Service Products? means, except as expressly excluded or limited elsewhere herein, any
activity in which a supervised financial organization as defined at 9-A M.R.S.A. ? 1-301(38-A) is
authorized to engage or product or service which a supervised financial organization is authorized to
offer.

?Mailing List? means a listing of the most complete and accurate information available of individual
alumni of the University of Maine, non-alumni members of UMAA, and/or other individuals, as
mutually agreed to by UMAA and UCU, compiled by UMAA (in a format designated by UCU and
reasonably agreed upon by UMAA and UCU), but specifically excluding college students as defined
at 12 C.F.R. Part 1026.57(a)(2) who are students in the University of Maine, and those individuals
who have requested the UMAA to remove their name from solicitations at the time the Mailing List is
provided to UCU, containing at minimum the names and addresses of such individuals and, to the
extent available and permissibly disclosed, any and all of the following information: telephone listing,
email listing, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially recognized activities
and athletics, dates of attendance, date of graduation, degrees and awards received, and the most
recent previous educational institution attended by the Member, all sorted by categories agreeable to
UCU,

?Live Date? means the first calendar day that a credit card is issued to a Member with a Credit Card
account activated for use.

?Member? means an individual who is included on a Mailing List.
?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Section 4(a)

?Marks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name,
trademark or similar intellectual property owned or acquired by UMAA during the term of this
Agreement (the ?Marks?).

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UMAA.

(a) UMAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months
following the expiration, termination or nonrenewal of this Agreement: (i) it will endorse UCU's
Financial Service Products exclusively and wil! not endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, or
solicit any Financial Service Products of any person or entity other than UCU; (ii) it will not license
or allow others to license the Marks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products

Page | of 7
