AMENDED AND RESTATED
PURDUE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION AFFINITY AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PURDUE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION AFFINITY
AGREEMENT (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 4th day of December, 2012 (the
?Effective Date?) by and between PURDUE FEDERAL CREDIT UNION, a federal credit
union having its principal place of business in West Lafayette, Indiana (?Purdue Federal?) and
PURDUE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, having its principal place of business in West Lafayette,
Indiana (?PAA?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

Whereas, the parties entered into an Affinity Agreement dated February 17, 2006; and,
Whereas, the parties wish to modify and extend such Affinity Agreement.

Now therefore, in consideration of the premises, the parties enter into the following
Amended and Restated PAA Affinity Agreement.

1. DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall
have the meaning prescribed below:

"Agreement" means this agreement.

"Credit Account" means a credit account opened by a Member in direct or indirect
response to marketing efforts made pursuant to this Agreement, which incorporates the
Trademarks. Whether Purdue Federal issues a single and/or multiple credit cards or other access
identifiers on a Credit Account, each account will be counted as one (1) Credit Account.

"Financial Service Products" means, except as expressly excluded or limited elsewhere
herein, credit card programs, charge card programs, debit card programs, other credit, charge,
debit or financial service related payment programs or devices, with or without a card or other
identifying instrument, installment loan programs, revolving loan programs, deposit programs,
travel and entertainment card or non-card programs, financial planning programs, trust programs
and commercial lending programs. This definition shall not include a discount hotel/airline-only
program offered to Members.

?Mailing Lists" means PAA's updated and current lists of alumni of Purdue University,
non-alumni members of PAA, John Purdue Club members, other Purdue affiliated membership
organizations to which PAA has access to, and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to
by PAA and Purdue Federal as well as undergraduate students and graduate students when
available (in a format designated by Purdue Federal and reasonably agreed upon by PAA and
Purdue Federal) containing at minimum the names, addresses, and campus attending or attended,
of any Member and, to the extent available and permissibly disclosed, any and all of the
following information as requested by Purdue Federal: email or other electronic communication
address, telephone listing, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially
recognized activities and sports, dates of attendance, date of graduation, degrees and awards
received, and the most recent previous educational agency or institution attended by the Member,
