UNIVERSITY CREDIT UNION
AND
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MAINE FOUNDATION
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This AFFINITY AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this first day of December, 2017
(the ?Effective Date?) by and between UNIVERSITY CREDIT UNION, a state chartered credit union having
its principal place of business in Orono, Maine (?UCU?) and the UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MAINE
FOUNDATION, a Maine non-profit corporation, having its principal place of business in Portland, Maine
(?USMF?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

1. DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the
following meanings:

?Affinity Portfolio Balance? means the total loan balances associated with Credit Card Accounts
established under this Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means a credit card account opened by a Member in direct or indirect
response to marketing efforts made pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the number of
credit cards issued in connection with the Credit Card Account.

?Financial Service Products? means, except as expressly excluded or limited elsewhere herein,
any activity in which a supervised financial organization as defined at 9-A M.R.S.A. ? 1-301(38-A)
is authorized to engage or product or service which a supervised financial organization is
authorized to offer.

?Mailing List? means an up to date, complete and current list of individual alumni of the
University of Southern Maine, non-alumni members of USMF, and/or other individuals, as
mutually agreed to by USMF and UCU, compiled by USMF (in a format designated by UCU and
reasonably agreed upon by USMF and UCU), but specifically excluding college students as
defined at 12 C.F.R. Part 1026.57(a)(2) who are students in the University of Southern Maine at
the time the Mailing List is provided to UCU, containing at minimum the names and addresses of
such individuals and, to the extent available and permissibly disclosed, any and all of the
following information: telephone listing, email listing, major field of study, participation in
officially recognized activities and athletics, dates of attendance, date of graduation, degrees
and awards received, and the most recent previous educational institution attended by the
Member, all sorted by categories agreeable to UCU,

?Live Date? means the first calendar day that credit cards issued to Members with Credit Card
Accounts are activated for use.

?Member? means an individual who is included in on a Mailing List.
