(g) | PAA has taken such steps as are necessary to obtain rights to the Licensed Purdue
Trademarks. PAA will take such steps as are necessary to provide Purdue Federal with a consent
letter from Purdue University in the form set out on Exhibit A. PAA represents and warrants that
it has the right to enter into this Agreement. The terms of the consent from Purdue University
require payment of royalties on all promotional giveaways and incentive gifts used by Purdue
Federal in conjunction with this Agreement. PAA agrees to pay such royalties associated with
any promotional giveaway or incentive gift used by Purdue Federal containing a credit card
image which includes a Licensed Purdue Trademark. Payment of such royalties by PAA will be
made to Purdue Federal within 10 days of receipt of an invoice from Purdue Federal indicating
the amount of royalties due.

(h) PAA hereby grants Purdue Federal a limited, exclusive license to use the PAA
Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Financial Service Products, including the promotion
thereof. PAA hereby grants Purdue Federal a limited, exclusive sublicense to use the Licensed
Purdue Trademarks upon the terms and conditions specified herein. Purdue Federal
acknowledges and agrees that PAA?s rights in the Licensed Purdue Trademarks are non-
exclusive and are granted subject to any limitations specified in this Agreement. This license
and sublicense shall be transferred upon a permitted assignment of this Agreement. This license
and sublicense shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization or individual. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits PAA from granting to other persons a license or sublicense to use the
Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products.

(6) PAA hereby grants to Purdue Federal for and during the term of this Agreement
four PAA memberships with benefits equivalent to a PAA ?lifetime membership?. The
foregoing memberships shall be transferable among the directors, officers, employees or agents
of Purdue Federal as Purdue Federal determines, but shall terminate upon the termination of this
Agreement for any reason. In addition, PAA shall use its best efforts to provide Purdue Federal
with opportunities to engage with Purdue alumni and committees including by way of example
the events identified from time to time on Exhibit B.

(j) During the Term, PAA shall arrange for Purdue University to provide Purdue
Federal at least four conspicuous locations for Purdue Federal to direct market Purdue Federal
programs, including the promotion of the Financial Service Products, at home football games,
men's and women?s basketball games, and other sporting venues (the "Direct Marketing"). The
conspicuous locations will be inside the stadium, arena, or other facility in which the event is
being held. For events in Mackey Arena, two of the locations will be on the main concourse. In
addition, PAA will use its best efforts to invite Purdue Federal and permit Purdue Federal to
have a conspicuous location at all PAA events taking place in conjunction with away games,
bowl games, tournaments, or similar events, including but not limited to the events identified
from time to time on Exhibit B.
