EXHIBIT B
to Amended and Restated Purdue Alumni Association Affinity Agreement
dated December 4, 2012

The intent of Exhibit B is to provide an initial documented list of potential ?partnership
activities? between Purdue Federal and PAA for this agreement. PAA acknowledges that Purdue
Federal desires these opportunities for the purpose of expanding their visibility with the Purdue
alumni community. Unless otherwise noted, inclusion on this list does not imply a commitment
by PAA to provide such access, nor does PAA agree to provide such access free of charge. PAA
will reasonably seek to include Purdue Federal in these activities and will only seek from Purdue
Federal the actual costs, or a reasonable estimate thereof, associated with their inclusion,

The intent is that Exhibit B be reviewed and updated on a regular basis to insure both parties are
aware of potential partnership activities. Updates of Exhibit B for this purpose do not require an
amendment to the contract, nor is the failure to do so by either party viewed as a breach of the
contract. Minimally, in July of each year, the parties will review this list in order to identify new
or different opportunities to promote Purdue Federal and the Financial Service Products through
PAA activities, publications, and events. PAA agrees that if new activities, publications, or
events come up between the annual reviews, PAA will notify Purdue Federal, and include and/or
invite Purdue Federal to participate.

? Engagement Events
o Community events: State Fair, etc
o Graduation events: Senior Send off, Taste of Graduation, Ticket Distribution, etc
o Alumni focused events: Alumni Leaders Conference, Boilermaker Ball etc
o Athletic based events: Home venue access, Away game tailgates, tourney events etc
o Homecoming activities
e Advertisements
o Alumnus ? print and online (committed per Section 2m, no charge)
? Pocket and Wall calendar
? E-newslettters, Young Alumni, Membership, PASE Parents
? Social media
? Link Purdue Federal as a partner in all Purdue Alumni Social media presences
? Actively promote Purdue Federal via social media
* Facebook messages, Twitter
o Add credit card application to Facebook page
? Inclusion on PAA Linkedin page
? Link to You Tube video about our credit cards
e Student Alumni
? Opportunity for Purdue Alumni student member or Purdue Alumni Staff member
to join an Ambassador program
? Co-developed targeted marketing for student alumni

13
