Ve CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT.

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date
of disclosure. Such information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or
entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. UCU and
USMF shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, legal, financial
and marketing advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of their respective
duties, provided that such persons agree to treat the information as confidential in the above-
described manner and (ii) as required by law or by any governmental regulatory authority.

8. GOVERNING LAW; EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION; EXCLUSIVE VENUE.

This Agreement is entered into in Maine and shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the substantive law (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Maine. Courts located in
Penobscot County, Maine shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction of any action arising out of
or in connection with this Agreement, and such courts shall be the sole and exclusive venue for
any such action.

9. TERMINATION.

(a) Termination for Material Breach of Agreement. In the event of any material breach of
this Agreement by UCU or USMF, the other party may terminate this Agreement by
giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching party. This notice shall (i) describe the
material breach, and (ii) state the party?s intention to terminate this Agreement. If the
breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within thirty (30) days
after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall
terminate thirty (30) days after expiration of the Cure Period.

(b) Termination due to Insolvency. If either UCU or USMF becomes insolvent in that its
liabilities exceed its assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject
to any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation, then the other
party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Termination of License upon Termination of Agreement. Upon the termination of this
Agreement, UCU shail, in the manner provided herein, cease to use the Marks. UCU
agrees that it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Marks or to the Mailing
Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. UCU shall not be required to recall or reissue
credit cards or any access devices, checks or records bearing the Marks. USMF shall not
attempt to cause the removal of references to or identification of USMF or Marks from
