by UCU without violating any legal rights of any third party or obligation of UCU. Such reports shall be
certified by an officer of UCU as to accuracy. The reports shall be certified as to their accuracy by the
nationally recognized independent certified public accountants then being utilized by UCU, at UMAA?s
expense, only if UMAA so requests such accountants? certification in its written request for the
generation of such reports hereunder.

TERM OF AGREEMENT.

The term of this Agreement will begin on the Agreement Effective Date of April 1, 2013 and will end
on December 31, 2023 (the ?Initial Term?). This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the
Initial Term or any renewal term for successive four (4)-year periods, unless either party gives written
notice of its intention not to renew at least one hundred and twenty (120) days, but not more than one
hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the last date of such Term.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

(a) UMAA and UCU each represent and warrant to the other that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing.

(i.) It has the necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or
other similar laws affected by enforcement of creditor's rights generally and by general
principles of equity.

(iv.) Except as provided herein, no consent, approval or authorization from any third party is
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(v.) | The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such
party.

(b) UMAA represents and warrants to UCU that, as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this
Agreement, it has the right and power to exclusively license the Marks to UCU for use as
contemplated by this Agreement. UMAA will hold UCU, its directors, officers, agents, employees,
affiliates, successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action and
claims, and will reimburse UCU for costs incurred in connection therewith, arising from any
breach of this representation and warranty. UCU will hold UMAA, its directors, officers,
members, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns harmless from and
against all liability, causes of action and claims, and will reimburse UMAA for reasonable
costs incurred in connection therewith, arising from any use by UCU of the Marks which
exceeds the scope of the license granted under this Agreement. Each party shall promptly
notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints
relating to such license, sublicense, or the use of any Marks.

s

UMAA further represents and warrants to UCU that it will not include in any Mailing List any
information pertaining to any ?college student? as defined at 12 C.F.R. Part 1026.57(a)(2), and will
indemnify and hold UCU harmiess from and against any damages, costs, expenses, liabilities or
other injury incurred by UCU as a result of any breach of this warranty.

Page 4 of 7
