(f)

e

(h

(1)

of any person or entity other than UCU; and (iii) it will not sell, rent or otherwise make available or
allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its information about any Member for
the purpose of promoting the Financial Service Products of any person or entity other than UCU;
except that UMAA?s obligation to endorse UCU?s Financial Service Products exclusively, as set
forth in subsection (i), shall terminate upon termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, UMAA may accept advertising from any financial
institution, provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement
by UMAA of the financial institution or its Financial Service Products, it being expressly
understood that the mere placement of such advertisements shall not be construed as an
endorsement by UMAA. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, UMAA's performance under
its existing contracts with CiResources for financial services and insurance products shall not be
a violation of this Section. The existing contract with ClResources may be renewed in its current
form only and it may not be supplemented or amended without UCU?s prior written consent.

UMAA agrees to provide UCU with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by UCU in connection with the promotion of its Financial Service Products to Members.

UMAA authorizes UCU to solicit Members by any means, including but not limited to mail, email,
on-campus direct marketing by UCU to the extent permitted by and at the university locations
previously approved by the University of Maine, at UMAA events wherever and whenever held,
and with advertisements and/or telephone calls all to the extent permitted by applicable law.

UMAA shall have the right of prior approval of all Financial Service Products advertising and
solicitation materials to be used by UCU which contain the Marks. Such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Upon request of UCU, UMAA shall provide UCU with the Mailing List free of any charge. The
initial Mailing List must include at least fifty thousand (50,000) individuals.

UMAA may provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential Members
about UCU?s Financial Service Products only with UCU?s prior written approval: provided,
however, that UMAA may respond to individual inquiries about UCU?s Financial Service Products
from Members on an individual basis, so long as such responses are accurate and not misleading
and are consistent with materials provided by UCU to UMAA.

UMAA hereby grants UCU a limited, exclusive license to use the Marks in conjunction with UCU's
Financial Service Products, including the promotion thereof. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits UMAA from granting to other persons a license or sublicense to use the Marks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products.

During the Term as defined in Section 5 below, UMAA shall provide UCU a prominent spot on the
sidebar of all of UMAA?s web pages, which shall be constantly displayed to promote the Credit
Card Account. The sidebar display shall provide links to UCU?s Financial Service Products and
UCU's home web page.

During the Term, UMAA shali provide UCU a full one page advertisement for its Financial Service
Products in each issue of the MAINE Alumni Magazine and reasonable advertising space for its
Financial Service Products in all other UMAA publications at no cost or expense to UCU.

UMAA acknowledges that UCU shall own ail Credit Card Accounts held by Members and that
UMAA shall have no rights to the Credit Card Accounts or any proceeds or other interest in the
Credit Card Accounts held by Members.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UCU.

(a)

UCU shall design, develop, market and administer the Financial Service Products to be offered to
the Members in its sole discretion at its sole cost and expense. UCU acknowledges and agrees
that Mailing Lists provided by UMAA under this Agreement may not be used by UCU to sollcit

Page 2 of 7
