Members for Financial Service Products other than Credit Card Accounts without the prior written
consent of UMAA.

UCU shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with regard to its Financial
Service Products. UCU must provide prior written approval for any advertising or solicitation
materials concerning or related to the Financial Service Products which may be developed by or
on behalf of UMAA. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

UCU shall make all underwriting determinations and credit decisions and shall bear ail credit risks
with respect to its Financial Service Products.

UCU shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit any persons or entities, including any third party, handling the
Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose. UCU shall have the sole right to designate which
Members it will solicit for Financial Service Products. The Mailing Lists are and shall remain the
sole property of UMAA. UCU may, however, separately maintain any and all information which it
obtains as a result of any Financial Service Product or application therefor which UCU shall be
entitled to use for any lawful purpose, except that UCU may not use this information in a manner
that would imply an endorsement by UMAA other than as contemplated in this Agreement.

UCU shail provide a link to UMAA's home web page from UCU?s website.

UCU acknowledges that it is required under applicable law to take commercially reasonable
measures to safeguard the confidentiality of nonpublic personal information (?NPI?) pertaining to
Members with Credit Card Accounts; to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the
security or integrity of such NPI; and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such NPI
that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to such Members.

ROYALTIES.

(a) As consideration for the rights granted by UMAA to UCU and for the responsibilities of UMAA to
UCU in this Agreement, UCU shall pay the following royalty amounts (?Royalties?) to UMAA. UCU
shall not be liable for any other payments or fees of any kind in regard to this Agreement.

(1) Upfront Amount. UCU shall pay UMAA a one-time payment of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars
($25,000.00) within ten (10) business days of the Live Date occurring.

(2) Quarterly Amount. UCU shall pay UMAA an amount each calendar quarter which is equal to
the sum of the following two royalty elements:

i. New Credit Card Accounts: UCU will pay UMAA Five Dollars ($5.00) for each new Credit
Card Account opened during the previous three (3) months.

ii. Percentage of the Affinity Portfolio Balance: UCU will pay UMAA a percentage of the
Affinity Portfolio Balance equal to an annual rate of One Half of One Percent (0.50%). The
computed amount will be arrived at by multiplying the annual rate against each of the month-
end balances during the quarter and dividing that amount by twelve. The accumulation of the
computed month-end royalties will be paid quarterly.

The sum of these two components of the Quarterly Amount shall be due within ten (10)
business days after the end of each calendar quarter. The Live Date is projected to be
September 1, 2013. The first quarter for royaity computation and payment of a Quarterly
Amount will end on December 31, 2013 and it will encompass all activity between the Live
Date and December 31, 2013, which may include more or less than three months of activity.

(b) Records and Audits. Upon the written request of UMAA, but no more frequently than one (1) time
in any twelve (12) month period, UCU shall provide UMAA with system reports generated by UCU
containing all the information which both (i) form the basis of UCU's calculation of the Quarterly
Amounts due UMAA since the last request was made or, if no previous request was made hereunder,
for the last twelve (12) Quarterly Amount calculations performed by UCU, and (ii) may be disclosed

Page 3 of 7
