property of PAA. Purdue Federal may, however, separately maintain all information which it
obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Purdue Federal?s own files and Purdue Federal shall be entitled to
use this information for any lawful purpose. Purdue Federal will not use this information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by PAA.

(63) Purdue Federal shall provide PAA a link to PAA?s home web page from Purdue
Federal's website.

(g) Purdue Federal shall be responsible for complying with the Purdue License
Agreement and any obligations imposed upon licensees or sublicensees thereunder as well as for
complying with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.

4. ROYALTIES. As consideration for the rights granted to Purdue Federal by PAA and
for the responsibilities of PAA to Purdue Federal in this Agreement, Purdue Federal shall pay the
amount specified below. Purdue Federal shall not be liable for any other royalty payments or
licensing fees of any kind in regard to this Agreement or the Purdue License Agreement.

(a) Payment Amount. Purdue Federal shall pay PAA One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) per year during the term of this Agreement, payable in monthly installments of
Eighty-Three Thousand Three Hundred Thirty Three Dollars and Thirty Three Cents
($83,333.33) on the first day of each month beginning on July 1, 2013.

(b) Records. Upon the written request of PAA, but no more frequently than four (4)
times in any twelve (12) month period, Purdue Federal shall provide PAA with the current
number of active Credit Accounts. Such information will be certified by an officer of Purdue
Federal as to its accuracy.

5. TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term of this Agreement will begin July 1, 2013, and
end on June 30, 2023. This Agreement will automatically extend at the end of the initial term or
any renewal term for successive five (5)-year periods, unless either party gives written notice of
its intention not to renew at least three hundred and sixty-five (365) days, but not more than four
hundred and fifty (450) days, prior to the last date of such term or renewal term, as applicable.

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

(a) PAA and Purdue Federal each represent and warrant to the other that as of the
Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(?}) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing.

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
