VU.

VUI.

3. Proposed Financial Considerations. (40 point value).

B. Acceptance or Rejection: Mason reserves the right to accept or reject any or all proposals, in
whole or in part, to take exception to any RFP specifications, to make an award based solely on
the proposals received or to negotiate further with one or more offerors. Mason also reserves the
right to negotiate a contract with the selected offeror(s), which is at variance with the RFP initially
prepared by Mason and/or responded to by the offeror. Failure to comply with the RFP by an
offeror, as determined by Mason, may be grounds for the exclusion of such offeror from further
consideration by Mason.

Cc. Selection: The selection by Mason of any proposal as ultimately negotiated will be at Mason?s
entire discretion, which discretion shall extend to purely subjective considerations solely
exercisable by Mason without regard to a claimed lowest cost by any proposed vendor. Mason is
not required to furnish a statement of the reason why a particular proposal was not deemed to be
the most advantageous (Section 49 of the Governing Rules).

CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION

A. Upon award of the contract, Mason shall designate, in writing, the name of the Contract
Administrators who shall work with the contractor(s) in formulating mutually acceptable plans
and standards for the security services in each of the areas described herein.

B. The Contract Administrators shall use all powers under the contract to enforce its faithful
performance. The Contract Administrators shall determine the amount, quality and acceptability
of work and shall decide all other questions in connection with work.

Cc. All direction and orders from Mason shall be transmitted through the Contract Administrators, or
designee(s); however, s/he shall have no authority to approve order changes in the work which
alter the concept or scope of the work or change the basis for compensation to the contractor.

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

BEST AND FINAL OFFER (BAFO): At the conclusion of negotiations, the offeror(s) may be asked to
submit in writing, a Best and Final Offer (BAFO). After the BAFO is submitted, no further negotiations
shall be conducted with the offeror(s). The offeror?s proposal will be re-evaluated to combine and include
the information contained in the BAFO. The decision to award will be based on the final evaluation
including the BAFO.

CONFLICT OF INTEREST: By submitting a proposal the contractor warrants that he/she has fully
complied with the Virginia Conflict of Interest Act; furthermore certifying that he/she is not currently an
employee of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

CONTRACT RENEWAL: Mason?s intent is to establish a five year contract with a five year renewal
option. Offerors are requested and encouraged to offer alternative terms that may result in the most
favorable contract possible. Regardless of contract start date, the contract term ends on June 30 of
contract year 5.

. INQUIRIES/QUESTIONS: All questions must be submitted in writing to the e-mail address listed on the

cover page of this RFP. All questions asked prior to May 29 will be answered within five working days of
receipt. Although we will do our best to answer all questions Mason is not obligated to answer any
questions received after May 29. Also, we will only respond to the offeror asking the question(s).
Questions and answers will not be shared with all potential offerors. However if a question is asked that
may have an impact on the scope of the project, an addendum will be issued.

INSPECTION OF JOB SITE: My signature on this solicitation constitutes certification that I have
inspected the job site and am aware of the conditions under which the work must be accomplished.
Claims, as a result of failure to inspect the job site, will not be considered by the Commonwealth.

INCLEMENT WEATHER/SUSPENDED SCHEDULE(S): Bid or proposal receipt deadlines and public
openings scheduled during a period of suspended state business operations, including school closing due

10
