e. Telecommunications services shall be the responsibility of the Contractor. All on-
campus telecommunications services shall be coordinated through the University
Contract Administrator. The successful bidder will have data/voice connectivity with the
Mason Network.

f. Maintenance of light fixtures and bulb replacement will be the responsibility of the
University with the exception of lighted signage which may be provided by the bank.

g. Custodial services and supplies, including inside and outside window cleaning, and
removal and disposal of garbage, trash, and waste will be the responsibility of the
University.

h. The Contractor shall be required to participate in regular facility emergency evacuation
drills and authorized building evacuations.

3. Contractor?s Personnel

a. Employees of the Contractor shall observe all regulations of the University. Failure to
observe such regulations may be grounds for removal from campus. Payment of vehicle
parking privileges shall be the responsibility of the Contractor?s personnel.

b. The Contractor shall designate an employee as customer service representative. This
employee shall coordinate the services provided and shall have responsibility and
authority to resolve problems which may arise in executing the resulting contract. The
Contractor shall provide the University with names and locations of other principal bank
employees whom the University may need to contact during daily operations.

c. The Contractor will operate the branch in such a way as to ensure that at least one
Spanish speaking employee is present during all open hours. Additional language
capability should be available by phone or other means.

d. Employees of the bank must complete a criminal background check prior to the start of
their work assignment/service at any Mason campus.

As stated in Administrative Policy Number 2221 ? Criminal Background Investigations
for University Employees , the criminal background investigation will normally include a
review of the individual?s records to include Social Security Number Search, Credit
Report (if related to potential job duties), Criminal Records Search (any misdemeanor
convictions and/or felony convictions are reported) in all states in which the employee
has lived or worked over the past seven years, and the National Sex Offender Registry.

In addition, the Global Watch list (maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
The US Department of Treasury) should be reviewed.

George Mason University currently uses HireRight (www.HireRight.com ) to conduct
criminal background investigations on their selected employees and HireRight has agreed
to extend this rate to affiliated vendors. Contractors and vendors of outsourced services
are responsible for all costs associated with conducting background checks.

e. The University reserves the right to participate in the selection of the on-campus
Branch Manager and meet monthly with him/her as well as meet quarterly with senior

level corporate staff to aid in positive contractual outcomes.

4. Reporting Requirements: The Contractor shall provide the following reports to the Contract
Administrator as required and/or at mutually agreed intervals:

a. The Bank?s Annual Report within 30 days of issue.
b. All accident reports within 24 hours.

c. A report of any formal complaints or legal actions filed by customers within 5 days.
