a. A complete description of proposed banking services offered. In addition, list any other
service available and/or a description of any technology currently implemented or being
developed which may be beneficial to the University.

b. The branch?s proposed operating hours.

c. A plan that specifies how the branch will be marked and promoted to the University
community.

d. A description of plans to enhance the space to include remodeling, decoration, and
improvements, include drawing or representative illustrations.

e. Proposed locations of ATM?s and Cash Dispensers.

f. A description of the Offeror?s policy on delivery of high quality services and customer
satisfaction.

g. A description of any unique services you offer to the college and university market.

h. Provide any additional information that may be relevant to this RFP ( i.e., Optional
Considerations).

i. Implementation Plan: Include an implementation plan which allows for the smoothest
possible transition from the current contract to the new contract to be awarded under this
REP. This plan should include a time line for seeking internal and regulatory approval.

j. Schedule of Changes: Offeror shall identify any and all service fees and charges for the
proposed services. Offeror shall also indicate how adjustments will be made to the Schedule

of Changes throughout the contract.

Cc. IDENTIFICATION OF THE PROPOSAL ENVELOPE: The signed proposal(s) should be
returned in a separate envelope or package, sealed and identified as follows:

From:

Name of Offeror Due Date Time

Street or Box Number RFP NO. RFP Title

City, State, Zip Code
Name of Contracting Officer: James F. Russell

The envelope should be addressed as directed on Page 1 of this document. If a proposal not
contained in the special envelope is mailed, the Offeror takes the risk that the envelope, even if
marked as described above, may be inadvertently opened and the information compromised which
may cause the Offer to be disqualified. Proposals may be hand delivered to the location shown on
Page 1. No other correspondence or other offer should be placed in the envelope.

VI. EVALUATION AND AWARD CRITERIA:

A. Evaluation Criteria: Proposals will be evaluated using the following criteria:

1. Qualifications and experience (including references) of the firm in providing the service,
including key personnel assigned to the contract, and the willingness and capacity to provide high
quality, professional services as required by the University. (15 Point Value).

2. Proposed services, including specific plans and/or methodology to be used to perform the services,
and the reasonableness of service fees and charges. (45 point value).

9
