(d) GSUAA and APCU?s proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not violate
their organizational documents or any existing third-party agreements;

(e) GSUAA and APCU warrant that each has all necessary power to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations under the Agreement. The
negotiation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all instruments
and documents to be delivered thereunder by GSUAA have been duly authorized by all
necessary or proper corporate action of GSUAA.

(f) GSUAA agrees not to enter into any other affinity card relationship during the
existence of this Agreement.

2.2 GSUAA's authority over trademarks. GSUAA represents that it has the authority to
utilize the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks as hereafter described in Article
7 and that it presently has the authority to authorize the use of each of the Georgia State University
athletics-related Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further,
GSUAA represents that APCU may regard this representation as a continuing representation by
GSUAA of its exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of the Georgia State University
athletics-related Trademarks throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this
Agreement, including athletics-related trademarks developed or created by Georgia State
University during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of the Agreement. GSUAA agrees to
provide, if requested, written evidence, satisfactory to APCU, of the authority to authorize the use
of such trademarks as GSUAA intends to use in conjunction with the Card and any trademark
rights notices required when the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks are used.

2.3 No infringement. GSUAA represents that the approved use of any of the Georgia State
University athletics-related Trademarks by APCU as authorized herein by GSUAA will not
infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright, or any other proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 Disclosures permitted. GSUAA represents that approved disclosure by GSUAA to
APCU of confidential or non-confidential information in its files pertaining to the Qualified
Members will not violate any law, regulation, restriction, or contractual prohibition against
disclosure by GSUAA of such information. GSUAA further acknowledges and agrees that it is
authorized to disclose and make available to APCU the following Qualified Member information
for the pyrposes contemplated herein: names, mailing addresses, and e-mail addresses.

2.5 APCU?s authority to use Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks. By
the terms of this Agreement. GSUAA agrees that APCU its authorized and permitted the non-
exclusive use of approved, specified Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks in
order to provide the Card and for no other purposes except as provided in this Agreement. APCU

Page 3 of 19
