closed, We will close Your Account and You may apply for a new Account. Alternatively, We may, at Our sole discretion,
issue You a new Account number and a new Card.

15. CREDIT REPORTS ? You authorize the Credit Union to obtain credit reports and any other information We may
need to verify Your identity and use of the Account when opening Your Account and for any update, increase, renewal,
extension, collection or review of Your Account. You authorize the Credit Union to disclose information regarding Your
Account to credit bureaus and creditors who inquire about Your credit standing.

16. JOINT ACCOUNTS ? If this is a joint Account, each of You will be individually and jointly responsible for paying all
amounts owed under this Agreement. This means that the Credit Union can require any one of You individually to repay
the entire amount owed under this Agreement. Each of You authorizes the other(s) to make transactions on the Account
individually. Any one of You may terminate the Account and the termination will be effective as to all of You.

17. EFFECT OF AGREEMENT ? This Agreement is the contract which applies to all transactions on Your Account even
though the sales, cash advances, credit or other slips You sign or receive may contain different terms.

18. SEVERABILITY AND FINAL EXPRESSION ? This Agreement is the final expression of the terms and conditions of
Your Account. This written Agreement may not be contradicted by evidence of any alleged oral Agreement. Should any
part of this Agreement be found to be invalid or unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall remain in effect and
fully enforceable to the fullest extent possible under this Agreement.

19. ILLEGAL TRANSACTIONS PROHIBITED ? You agree that You will not use Your Card for any transaction, including
any type of electronic gambling transaction through the Internet, that is illegal under applicable federal, state, or local law.

Even if You use Your Card for an illegal transaction, You will be responsible for all amounts and charges incurred in
connection with the transaction. This paragraph shall not be interpreted as permitting or authorizing any transaction that is
illegal.

20. APPLICABLE LAW ? The terms and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by federal law and the law of
Georgia.

21. ENFORCING THIS AGREEMENT ? We can delay in enforcing or fail to enforce any of Our rights under this
Agreement without losing them.

22. COLLECTION COSTS ? If We refer collection of Your Account to a lawyer who is not Our salaried employee, You
are liable for any reasonable attorney?s fees We incur, plus the costs and expenses of any legal action, as further
disclosed on this Agreement, or to the extent allowed by law.

23. ASSIGNMENT ? We may assign any or all of Our rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party.

24. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ? A married applicant may apply for a separate Account. Applicants: 1) may, after credit
approval, use the credit card Account up to its credit limit; 2) may be liable for amounts extended under the plan to any
joint applicant. As required by law, You are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on Your credit record
may be submitted to a credit reporting agency if You fail to fulfill the terms of Your credit obligations.

25. FLORIDA RESIDENTS ? You (borrower) agree that, should We obtain a judgment against You, a portion of
Your disposable earnings may be attached or garnished (paid to Us by Your employer), as provided by Florida
and Federal law.

26. MARYLAND RESIDENTS ? To the extent, if any, that Maryland law applies to Your Account, We elect to offer Your
Card Account pursuant to Title 12, Subtitle 9 of the Maryland Commercial Law Article.

27. MISSOURI RESIDENTS ? Oral Agreements or commitments to loan money, extend credit or to forbear from
enforcing repayment of a debt including promises to extend or renew such debt are not enforceable. To protect
You (borrower(s)) and Us (creditor) from misunderstanding or disappointment, any Agreements We reach
covering such matters are contained in this writing, which is the complete and exclusive statement of the
Agreement between Us, except as We may later agree in writing to modify it.

28. NEW YORK RESIDENTS ? We may obtain a credit report in connection with this Account, including for any review,
modification, renewal or collections associated with this Account. Upon Your request, You will be informed whether such
report was requested and, if so, the name and address of the consumer reporting agency furnishing the report. New York
residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Institutions at 800.342.3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov to
obtain a comparative listing of credit card rates, fees and grace periods.

29. OHIO RESIDENTS ? The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to
all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon
request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.

30. SOUTH DAKOTA RESIDENTS ? If You believe there have been any improprieties in making this loan or in the
lender?s loan practices, You may contact the South Dakota Division of Banking at 1601 N. Harrison Ave, Suite 1, Pierre,
SD 57501, or by phone at 605.773.3421.

31. WISCONSIN RESIDENTS ? If You are married, please contact Us immediately upon receipt of this Agreement at the
address or phone number listed on this Agreement and provide Us with the name and address of Your spouse. We are
required to inform Your spouse that We have opened an Account for You.

Page 4 of 6
01000038-MXC30-C-1-072121 (MXC305-E)
