9.6 Restrictions on Confidential Member Information. While it is contemplated that
GSUAA will neither be furnished nor receive Confidential Member Information, should GSUAA
come into possession of Confidential Member Information, GSUAA agrees it will not use or
disclose such Confidential Member Information that it receives or obtains from APCU other than
is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

9.7 Third Parties. Each Party agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Member
Information to any third party except those who have a need to know and only to enable such third
party to provide services under this Agreement and only to such third parties who have assumed
confidentiality obligations consistent with those provided for herein.

9.8 Security measures. Each Party hereto agrees that it has in place certain security
measures in place to protect the Confidential Member Information and further agrees that it will
implement such additional security measures and use such additional care as may be required to
continually preserve and protect the Confidential Member Information of APCU Members
throughout the term of the Agreement and for such time beyond the term of the Agreement as it
has in its possession any Confidential Member Information of APCU.

9.9 Training to preserve Confidential Member Information. Each Party agrees, as it deems
reasonably required, to train its employees and staff about the need to keep the Confidential
Member Information of APCU Members from being used or disclosed other than for purposes of
fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures, safeguards, and training to
protect the Confidential Member Information.

9.10 Notice of issues with Confidential Member Information. Each Party agrees to notify
the other Party immediately upon discovery of any loss, unauthorized use, or improper disclosure
of Confidential Member Information and to notify the other Party of any demand, including any
form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or disclosure of any Confidential
Member Information.

9.11 Review of security measures. Each Party agrees that the other Party has the right to
periodically review the security measures it employs to determine or verify its compliance with its
obligations under this Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including
seeking equitable relief, in order to enforce the provisions hereof.

9.12 Indemnification for improper disclosure of Confidential Member Information.
[Intentionally Deleted].

9.13 Disposal of Confidential Member Information. When disposing of any Confidential
Member Information, whether upon termination of this Agreement or as otherwise directed by

Page 13 of 19
