AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) is made and entered into as of the
Ist day of September, 2021 (the ?Effective Date?), by and between the Georgia State University
Athletic Association, Inc. (??GSUAA?), a cooperative nonprofit organization of the Board of
Regents of the University System of Georgia by and on behalf of Georgia State University
(?Georgia State University?) and Atlanta Postal Credit Union (?APCU,? at times referred to as
Center Pare Credit Union or ?CPCU?), a Georgia credit union (GSUAA and APCU are at times
referred to as ?Party? individually or collectively as ?Parties?).

WHEREAS, GSUAA and APCU desire to make available to students, staff, faculty,
parents, alumni, fans and other individuals specifically identified by GSUAA and eligible for
membership in APCU (hereinafter, collectively the ?Qualified Members?), a Visa credit card and
other financial services upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, GSUAA and APCU desire that marketing plans for the Visa credit card using
athletics-related trademarks held by Georgia State University and its Affiliates to be developed by
the parties as hereinafter set forth will accomplish the respective goals of the parties:

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged by the Parties, the Parties hereby agree to as follows:

ARTICLE 1: Services

1.1 Issuance of credit card and accounts. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, APCU shall open revolving credit accounts (?Account? or ?Accounts?) and issue a
consumer general purpose, unsecured, open-end, revolving credit card product (?Card? or
?Cards?) and related Account as issued by APCU, branded with Georgia State University?s
athletics-related trademarks and APCU?s trademarks, including CPCU?s trademark, to Qualified
Members whose applications have been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and whose
credit has been approved by APCU and to whom a credit card has been issued (individually,
?Accountholder? and collectively ?Accountholders?). APCU shall bear all costs of producing and
operating the Accounts or Cards, including any advertising, solicitations, and promotional
materials associated with the program.

1.2 Standard policy and procedures. APCU?s standard consumer credit card issuance and
administration policies and procedures and its credit, fraud, and collection practices shall be
established, implemented, and administered by APCU in its sole discretion, and may be modified
from time to time by APCU with respect to the Cards. APCU shall make all credit risk management
decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Qualified Member?s Account. APCU
shall have sole discretion to determine which, if any, credit card shall be issued to a Qualified

Page 1 of 19
