CONSUMER

A uJ 3900 Crown Feed CREDIT CARD
Ce oayessrsD SS AGREEMENT Vi Ss. A

. . E-mail: info@apcu.com
Atlanta Postal Credit Union website: www.apcu.com AND

DISCLOSURE

This Consumer Credit Card Agreement and Disclosure together with the Account Opening Disclosure and any other
Account opening documents or any subsequent documents provided to You related to this Account (hereinafter
collectively referred to as ?Agreement?) govern the terms and conditions of this Account. ?We,? ?Us,? ?Our? and ?Ours? and
?Credit Union? refers to Atlanta Postal Credit Union with which this Agreement is made. ?You,? ?Your,? and ?Yours? refers
to each applicant and co-applicant for the Account; any person responsible for paying the Account; and anyone You
authorize to use, access or service the Account. "Card" means the Visa? credit card and any other access devices,
duplicates, renewals, or substitutions, including convenience checks, the Credit Union issues to You. "Account" means
the line of credit established by this Agreement and includes Your Card.

SECURITY INTEREST

You grant the Credit Union a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code and under any common law rights
the Credit Union may have in any goods You purchase.

If You give the Credit Union a specific pledge of shares by signing a separate pledge of shares, Your pledged shares
will secure Your Account. You may not withdraw amounts that have been specifically pledged to secure Your Account
until the Credit Union agrees to release all or part of the pledged amount.

You grant Us a security interest in all individual and joint share and/or deposit accounts You have with Us now
and in the future to secure Your credit card Account. Shares and deposits in an IRA or any other account that
would lose special tax treatment under state or federal law if given as security are not subject to the security
interest You have given in Your shares and deposits. You may withdraw these other shares unless You are in

default. When You are in default, You authorize Us to apply the balance in these accounts to any amounts due.

For example, if You have an unpaid credit card balance, You agree We may use funds in Your account(s) to pay

any or all of the unpaid balance.

Unless otherwise prohibited by federal and/or state law, collateral securing other loans You have with the Credit Union
may also secure this loan, except that a dwelling will never be considered as security for this Account, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in any other Agreement.

1. USING YOUR ACCOUNT ? By using the Account or keeping the Card, You agree to the terms of this Agreement.
You agree to use Your Account in accordance with this Agreement. Your Account must only be used for lawfu
transactions.

2. CREDIT LIMIT ? We may establish a credit limit as part of this Agreement, which You promise not to exceed. If You
exceed the credit limit, You promise to repay immediately the amount which exceeds the credit limit, including amounts
due to finance charges, fees or other charges. You may request a credit limit increase on Your Account only by a method
acceptable to the Credit Union. We may increase or decrease Your credit limit, refuse to make an advance and/or
terminate Your Account at any time for any reason permitted by law.

3. CONVENIENCE CHECKS ? We may, from time to time, issue convenience checks to You that may be drawn on
Your Account. Convenience checks may not be used to make a payment on Your Account. If You use a convenience
check, it will be posted to Your Account as a cash advance. We reserve the right to refuse to pay a convenience check
drawn on Your Account for any reason and such refusal shall not constitute wrongful dishonor. You may request that We
stop the payment of a convenience check drawn on Your Account. You agree to pay any fee as identified in this
Agreement imposed to stop a payment on a convenience check issued on Your Account. You may make a stop payment
request orally, if permitted, or in writing. Your request must be made with sufficient time in advance of the presentment of
the check for payment to give Us a reasonable opportunity to act on Your request. In addition, Your request must
accurately describe the check including the exact Account number, the payee, any check number that may be applicable,
and the exact amount of the check. If permitted, You may make a stop payment request orally but such a request will
expire after 14 days unless You confirm Your request in writing within that time. Written stop payment orders are effective
only for six months and may be renewed for additional six month periods by requesting in writing that the stop payment
order be renewed. We are not required to notify You when a stop payment order expires.

If We re-credit Your Account after paying a check over a valid and timely stop payment order, You agree to sign a
statement describing the dispute with the payee, to assign to Us all of Your rights against the payee or other holders of
the check and to assist Us in any legal action.

IQANLINER.

? CUNA Mutual Group 1991, 2006, 09, 10, 12, 14, 16 All Rights Reserved 01000038-MXC30-C-1-072121 (MXC305-E)

