Property of the other Party during the term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter. Except as
otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, each Party will at all times, both during and after
the term of this Agreement, retain sole right, title, and interest in and to all Proprietary Property
created by it prior to entering into or during the Initial term or any Renewal Term of this
Agreement.

8.2 Preservation of Proprietary Property. With respect to the Proprietary Property of the
other Party, each Party agrees: (1) it will not disseminate any Proprietary Property without the
written authorization of the other Party except in order to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement; (2) it will not remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights
notice from any materials furnished to it in connection with this Agreement; (3) to promptly advise
the other Party in writing of any misappropriation or misuse by any person of any Proprietary
Property that may come to its attention and agrees that it shall reasonably cooperate with the other
Party to regain possession of any Proprietary Property or prevent the further unauthorized use of
such Proprietary Property; (4) not to use the Proprietary Property for its own use or for any purpose
other than to perform the terms of this Agreement; (5) to include, as appropriate, any and all
copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices on material it prepares or uses in
conjunction with the Proprietary Property; and (6) upon written request, to surrender all
Proprietary Property in its possession to the other Party at the end of the term of this Agreement
without further notice or demand. GSUAA and APCU agree that Proprietary Property to be treated
as confidential pursuant to this Article does not include any Proprietary Property which: (a) is or
becomes publicly known or readily ascertainable by the public, through no wrongful act of the
other Party; (b) is disclosed to a third party by the other Party without similar restriction; or (c) is
disclosed pursuant to applicable federal or state law. including, but not limited to, the Georgia
Open Records Act (?Act?).

ARTICLE 9: Confidentiality

Part A: Confidential Information

9.1 Definition of Confidential Information. ?Confidential Information? shall mean any
processes, procedures, forms, or business information furnished by one Party to the other in
connection with this Agreement, whether orally, in writing or in electronic form, and marked as
?confidential? or similar mark. Such Confidential Information shall include, without limitation,
trade secrets, business or financial information, product and marketing plans, and customer and
supplier information. All Confidential Information disclosed to the other Party is deemed to be
confidential, restricted, and proprietary to the disclosing Party.

9.2 Care of Confidential Information. The Party receiving Confidential information of the
other Party must provide the same care to avoid disclosure or unauthorized use of the Confidential

Page 11 of 19
