agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned, or delayed, from GSUAA for the specific use of Georgia State University athletics-
related Trademarks on the Cards. GSUAA shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and
services provided under the mark(s) and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark(s) is
used to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under the Georgia State University
athletics-related Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved by GSUAA
pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with GSUAA?s industry quality standards. APCU
agrees to cooperate with GSUAA in facilitating GSUAA?s control of the nature and quality of
goods and services provided under the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, GSUAA and APCU expressly
understand and agree that nothing in this Agreement shall authorize any Parties to use Georgia
State University?s non-athletics-related Trademarks (e.g., the ?G-Flame,? etc.).

2.6 Consumer protection laws. GSUAA acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and
state consumer protection laws and regulations prohibit, restrict, or limit, the solicitation or
issuance of consumer credit cards to students, underage persons, and others (collectively
?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and implementing regulations. GSUAA further
acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are or are intended to be, included in the
group identified herein as Qualified Members who may be identified or solicited to apply for a
consumer credit card under this Agreement. GSUAA agrees it will not provide to APCU the names
of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and GSUAA agrees it will not, in any
way, solicit or promote the Cards to any such Protected Consumers; however, such promotion and
solicitation is not intended to include general promotional, informational, or advertising materials
directed at or available to GSUAA as a whole. As such, each Party hereto acknowledges and agrees
that it will at all times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C. ? 1601
et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No.
111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. ? 1681 et seq.), and the
regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist or as may be amended,
including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts and regulations by the
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection or by any state agency enforcing state laws or
regulations for the protection of consumers. APCU agrees to provide GSUAA with adequate and
sufficient information pertaining to federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations for
it to comply with the above Section 2.6.

2.7 Statements about GSUAA. GSUAA acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for
ensuring the truth and accuracy of all statements, warranties, and representations of any kind about
or relating to GSUAA or its associates, or its business products, or services, made or included,
expressly or impliedly by GSUAA or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising,
solicitation, promotional, or publicity materials or editorials or otherwise.

Page 4 of 19
