7.6 Definition of APCU Trademarks. ?APCU Trademarks? means trademarks, if any,
consisting of images, word marks, designs, visual representations, and logos depicting the name
or likeness of Atlanta Postal Credit Union and Center Pare Credit Union provided to GSUAA by
APCU for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the Cards and any related
financial services programs.

7.7 APCU art for program material. All art for the program material, including cards,
advertising, or solicitation materials, which contain one or more APCU Trademarks must be
provided by APCU. APCU will provide such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements
of APCU hereunder. All art which APCU provides to GSUAA, in whatever media for whatever
purpose, shall be promptly returned to APCU upon request of APCU, except for art reasonably
required for authorized current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. GSUAA
acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to APCU, may only be used for GSUAA?s authorized
activities under the Agreement, and GSUAA agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made
available for use by any third party, unless such third party is required to assist GSUAA in the
fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.8 Trademark rights retained by APCU. GSUAA agrees that upon termination of the
Agreement, it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the APCU Trademarks. GSUAA
agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other action,
which might affect APCU?s ownership of any of the rights in the APCU Trademarks. GSUAA
understands and agrees that its use of the APCU Trademarks shall inure to APCU?s exclusive
benefit and that GSUAA will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use GSUAA may make of the
APCU Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.9 Notices and APCU?s rights reserved. GSUAA agrees that all uses of the APCU
Trademarks shall bear such proprietary trademark right notices of APCU as APCU may reasonably
direct. All rights not specifically granted by APCU are reserved.

ARTICLE 8: Proprietary Property

8.1 Proprietary Property. The Parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other
Party has and owns or uses certain names, trade names, trademarks, word marks, design marks,
symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, credit and debit card designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures, and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective
Date and that each Party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the
Initial Term or a Renewal Term of this Agreement; and each Party further acknowledges and
agrees that any Proprietary Property developed by the other Party during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement shall, at all items be considered, held and included in the
collective definition of Proprietary Property and will be owned by and remain the Proprietary

Page 10 of 19
