You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from all costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, damages, or claims,
related to Our honoring Your stop payment request or in failing to stop payment of an item as a result of incorrect
information provided to Us or the giving of inadequate time to act upon a stop payment request. Note: A convenience
check is not a check as that term is defined under the Uniform Commercial Code. It is an advance from Your credit card
Account with Us and Your stop payment rights are provided under this Agreement with Us.

4. REPAYMENT ? You promise to repay all amounts You owe under this Agreement. Your promise to repay includes
all transactions made to Your Account by You or anyone You authorize to use Your Account as well as all interest
charges and fees.

For each billing period, You must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date.

The Minimum Payment Due is 2.00% of Your total New Balance, or $10.00, whichever is greater, plus any amount past
due and any amount by which You have exceeded Your applicable credit limit. If Your total New Balance is less than
$10.00, then Your Minimum Payment Due is the amount of the total New Balance.

You may pay more frequently, pay more than the Minimum Payment Due or pay the total New Balance in full.

If You make extra or larger payments, You are still required to make at least the Minimum Payment Due each month Your
Account has a balance (other than a credit balance). The Credit Union may delay replenishing Your credit limit until the
date the payment is posted or the Credit Union confirms the payment has cleared.

Your payment of the required Minimum Payment Due may be applied to what You owe the Credit Union in any manner
the Credit Union chooses, as permitted by applicable law. If You make a payment in excess of the required Minimum
Payment Due, the Credit Union will allocate the excess amount first to the balance with the highest annual percentage
rate (?APR?) and any remaining portion to the other balances in descending order based on applicable APR, unless
otherwise prescribed by applicable law. We may accept checks marked "payment in full" or with words of similar effect
without losing any of Our rights to collect the full balance of Your Account with Us.

5. INTEREST AND FINANCE CHARGES ? We will begin charging You interest on purchases on the date the
transaction is posted to Your Account. We will begin charging You interest on cash advances and balance transfers on
the date of the transaction or the first day of the billing cycle in which the transaction is posted to Your Account, whichever
is later (transaction date). However, We will not charge You any interest on new purchases if Your Account had a zero or
credit balance at the beginning of that billing cycle, or You paid the entire new balance on the previous cycle's billing
statement by the Payment Due Date of that statement. To avoid an additional finance charge on the balance of
purchases, You must pay the entire new balance on the billing statement by the Payment Due Date of that statement.

How We Calculate Your Balance:

Interest charges on Your Account are calculated separately for purchases, balance transfers and cash advances
(?Transaction Type?). We figure the interest charge for each Transaction Type by applying the periodic rate to each
corresponding ?average daily balance.? To get the ?average daily balance? for a Transaction Type We take the beginning
balance for that Transaction Type each day, add any new transactions of that type, and subtract any unpaid interest or
other finance charges and any applicable payments or credits. This gives Us the daily balance for each Transaction Type.
Then, for each Transaction Type, We add up all the daily balances for the billing cycle and divide each total by the
number of days in the billing cycle. This gives Us the ?average daily balance? for each Transaction Type.

6. FEES ? In addition to the periodic rate, additional fees may be imposed on Your Account. If applicable to Your
Account, the fee amounts and explanations are disclosed on the Account Opening Disclosure accompanying this
Agreement.

7. FOREIGN TRANSACTIONS ? Purchases and cash advances made in foreign currencies will be debited from Your
Account in U.S. dollars. The exchange rate between the transaction currency and the billing currency used for processing
international transactions is a rate selected by Visa from a range of rates available in wholesale currency markets for the
applicable central processing date, which rate may vary from the rate Visa itself receives, or the rate mandated by the
government or governing body in effect for the applicable transaction date. The exchange rate used on the transaction
date may differ from the rate that would have been used on the processing date or cardholder statement posting date.

For APCU Visa Platinum, Affinity Rewards ? UPMA, Affinity Rewards ? A-Plus, Affinity Rewards - NRLCA, APCU
Credit Builder, Center Parc Credit Builder, APCU Low Rate, and Center Parc Low Rate - A fee (finance charge),
calculated in U.S. dollars, will be imposed on all foreign transactions, including purchases, cash advances, and credits to
Your Account. A foreign transaction is any transaction that You complete or a merchant completes on Your Card outside
of the United States, with the exception of U.S. military bases, U.S. territories, U.S. embassies, or U.S. consulates.
Transactions completed by merchants outside of the United States are considered foreign transactions, regardless of
whether You are located inside or outside the United States at the time of the transaction. The Foreign Transaction Fee is
set forth on the Account Opening Disclosure accompanying this Agreement.

8. AUTHORIZATIONS ? We do not guarantee authorization of a transaction, either by Us or by a third party, even if
You have sufficient credit available. You agree that We will not be liable for failing to give an authorization. We also
reserve the right to limit the number of transactions that may be approved in one day. We reserve the right to deny certain
transactions for any reason and at Our sole discretion, including for default, suspected fraudulent or unlawful activity,

Page 2 of 6
01000038-MXC30-C-1-072121 (MXC305-E)
