a Party, the appointment of a receiver for any part of a Party?s property, the assignment of
the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any
proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against a Party; or

(d) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial
proceeding, self-help, repossession, or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a
Party or by any governmental agency against any of a Party?s property: or

(e) the actions or omissions of a Party creates publicity which reflects unfavorably
on the other Party?s reputation; or

(f) either Party determines that any material change in applicable law makes the
continued performance of this Agreement commercially impractical, illegal, or has
materially adverse impact on a Party?s ability to perform under this Agreement.

4.6 Accountholder Membership upon Termination of Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the termination of this Agreement shall not affect, terminate, or
otherwise modify the membership of any Accountholder.

ARTICLE 5: Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 APCU Membership. Accountholders must become members of APCU prior to
obtaining a Card. Accountholders must meet all eligibility requirements and obligations to become
APCU members including, but not limited to, completing an CPCU Membership Application and
depositing $5.00 or more into a Primary Savings Account. As members of APCU, Accountholders
shall be governed by the terms of the CPCU Membership and Account Agreements contained
within the Membership Booklet provided to the Accountholders at the time the Account is opened.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) APCU shall have the right to amend
the terms and conditions of such Account agreements at any time in its sole discretion; (ii) APCU
reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change any of the features and/or benefits of the Cards;
and (iii) APCU reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to market any other APCU products,
features, and benefits to Accountholders.

5.2 Ownership of Accounts. APCU is the sole and exclusive owner of all Accounts and
related receivables, Account agreements, associated books and records, and all Accountholders
indebtedness and goodwill established thereunder, and shall have all rights and powers with
respect thereto as such owner, including all rights to engage in securitization and other financing
operations. For the avoidance of doubt, GSUAA acknowledges and agrees that it does not possess
any ownership interest in the Cards issued, the Accounts established, and/or the receivables
generated thereunder.

5.3 Enhancements. APCU agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to GSUAA
Accountholders which shall include the minimum Visa standards for product enhancements

Page 7 of 19
