age
v All Sports
? 2 Huntsman Center: Concourse - Concession - Two (2) permanent concourse signs above the concession area
(approximately 3' x 6?) in the Jon M. Huntsman Center
Y? Football

1 Field Wrap - MUSS field wrap sign in Rice-Eccles Stadium, Co-branded
1 South End Zone Fascia LED - One (1) minute of LED Messaging on the south end zone LED Fascia Board (4
x 60?) in Rice-Eccles Stadium for each home football game. LED time runs in 15-30 increments
1 South End Zone Garage Doors - Branding rights to the South End zone Field Level Garage Doors. All four
(4) doors will display signage promoting Client branding and Utah Athletic imagery.
1 Videoboard - Fascia LED - One (1) minute of LED messaging on the ProAd LED Fascia Board on the main
scoreboard/videoboard of Rice-Eccles Stadium; LED time runs in 15-30 increments
2 North End Zone Fascia LED - One (1) minute of LED messaging on the North end zone LED Fascia Board
(4' x 200?) in Rice-Eccles Stadium for each home football game. LED time runs in 15-30 increments
2 Videoboard Feature with LED Moment of Dominance - One (1) branded video board featuring during each
home football game. Video board feature will include the following supportive elements: logo graphic, north
end-zone LED ribbon branding, auxiliary scoreboard LED branding, south-end LED fascia branding and in-
stadium audio announcement
1. Red Zone Videoboard Feature ? Each time the University of Utah Football team enters the red-zone
(inside the 20-yard line,) the videoboard in the south end zone will display a graphics for the
?University Credit Union Red Zone.? This includes a PA announcement ?Now entering the
University Credit Union Red Zone.? While this videoboard feature is running, all remaining LED
assets (Pro-Ad LED, North-End Zone LED ribbon board and south end zone fascia LED) will also
display University Credit Union branded red-zone messaging.

? ? Also included are two (2) 4x20" fascia signage wraps on the north end field level fascia. This
signage will be branded as the University Credit Union Red Zone. Within the concourse area of
the north end of the stadium will be branded pennant banners.

2. Official Sponsor of the ?Play Under Review.? Each time the play goes under review by the official,
the south-end videoboard will display a graphic of the play under review along with logo placement
(University Credit Union logo.) While this videoboard feature is running, all remaining LED assets
(Pro-Ad LED, north-end LED ribbon board and south end zone fascia LED) will also display
University Credit Union branded messaging.

4 Concourse Backlit - Two (2) backlit 3' x 8' concourse signs in the Rice-Eccles Stadium. One is located on the
east concourse and one on the west concourse

v Gymnastics

1 Floorside LED - Two (2) minutes of LED messaging on the Floorside LED Fascia Board in the Huntsman
Center for the Women's Gymnastics Meets

1 Videoboard Feature with LED Moment of Dominance - One (1) video board feature at each home women's
gymnastics meet. The video board feature will include a client logo on the intro video. Courtside LED branding,
baseline LED branding, 360 degree LED branding to run just before the full lights out introduction -Exclusive
sponsor of the Utah gymnastics LED headshots. Headshots run during every Utah performance (approximately
24 times per meet,) and include hometowns, heights, information that further attracts fans to the branding.

1 Videoboard Promotion - Videoboard promotion during each home gymnastics meet ? Presenting sponsor of
the ?Lucky Seat? contest during each home regular season gymnastic meet. ?The location of the winner is
revealed on the videoboard as the cameras slowly zoon to the section, row and seat. The promotion includes a
full screen logo introduction, logo during the live shots of the promotion and seat reveal. live read PA
announcements and coordinated LED messaging.

v? Men's Basketball

?

2 Baseline LED - One (1) minute of branded messaging on the baseline LED signatures at each home men's
basketball game

2 Center Hung LED Ring - One (1) minute of branded messaging on the 360 degree LED ring located below
the center-hung scoreboard at each home men's basketball game
