Tickets/Hospitality

? Football
? 1 Away Game Trip (2 People) - Invitation to an all-expenses paid trip to an away football game, including:
food and beverage, transportation, tickets, lodging and gift bags for each guest
1 Season Parking Pass - Season Jong parking pass(es) for home football games
2 Season Ticket - P4 - Season ticket(s) for home football games
4 Season Ticket - P7 - Season ticket(s) for home football games
6 Season Long Hospitality (Per Person) - Pre-game hospitality passes to the Utah Sports Properties
hospitality tent
? Gymnastics
? 3 Season Parking Pass - Season long parking pass(es) for home gymnastics meets
? 9 Season Ticket - Lower - Season ticket(s) for home gymnastics meets
Y Men's Basketball
* 1000 Single Game Ticket - Ticket(s) for a selected home men's basketball game
1, A:10 PA announcement will acknowledge & welcome CU members during those games. (specific
games to be determined and mutually agreed upon.) If Utes Sports Properties is charged by
Athletics for tickets, USP and UCU will negotiate appropriate rate for UCU to pay for the tickets
or omit this option.

? 2 Season Parking Pass - Season long parking pass(es) for home men's basketball games

? 4 Season Ticket - Yellow - Season ticket(s) for home men's basketball games
Y ? Special Event

? 1 Golf Outing Foursome - Two (2) foursome to the annual Utah Sports Properties Golf Tournament
v_ Volleyball

? ? 10 Season Ticket - Season ticket(s) for home volleyball matches

In implementing Sponsor's text program (the ?Program?), Sponsor must comply with all Federal Communications Rules and
Regulations applicable to the Program (?FCC Rules "). If Sponsor does not permit Provider to include language in Sponsor's
Program(s) to make it compliant with the FCC Rules, as they may be amended, Provider shall he excused [from running Sponsor's
Program(s) in any format (Video board, PA announcement, Signage, Twitter or otherwise), Provider shall not be in default under
this Agreement, the sponsorship fee shall not be reduced and Provider need not provide Sponsor with any make-good or similar
benefits in lieu of the Program(s).

In implementing Sponsor's text program (the ?Program?), Sponsor must comply with all Federal Communications Rules and
Regulations applicable to the Program (?FCC Rules "). If Sponsor does not permit Provider to include language in Sponsor's
Program(s) to make it compliant with the FCC Rules, as they may be amended, Provider shall be excused from running
