02/01/2023 - $52,557.38
03/01/2023 - $52,557.38

Total Payment Due: $1,483,809.00

Please make all checks payable to Utes Sports Properties, LLC. All late payments are subject to a late payment fee of

?% per month (24% APR) or the highest rate allowed by law together with all costs and expenses of collection including
attorneys? fees and court costs. If any sales tax, use tax. gross receipts tax, service tax or other tax (other than Provider's
income tax) is imposed in connection with any Benefits or payment hereunder, then Sponsor will pay such tax on or
before the due date thereof, and, if not otherwise paid. any unpaid amount thereof will be added to the payment for the
period that includes such due date.

Extended-Season Radio. ?Benefits? includes 12 regular season football broadcasts and 29 Regular Season Men's
Basketball Broadcasts. If Provider?s network broadcasts additional games (beyond 12 for football and 29 for basketball),
the sponsorship will continue for those games at the regular season rate outlined in Exhibit A. Additional

games/broadcasts will be invoiced at the conclusion of the football and basketball season respectively,

Force Majeure. Neither party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement to the extent that any delay or failure in the
performance of its obligations results from any cause beyond the non-performing party's control and without such party?s
fault or negligence, such as acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, embargoes, epidemics, war, acts of terrorism,
riots, insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, floods, loss of power, strikes or lockouts (?Force Majeure?). For the
avoidance of doubt and clarification, any changes in the global, national or local economy shall not under any
circumstances be considered a Force Majeure condition and therefore not be a reason for Sponsor?s failure to perform
under this Agreement. If any Force Majeure condition affects Provider's ability to perform its obligations set forth
hereunder, Provider shall give written notice to Sponsor, and Provider will offer mutually agreeable make-good benefits
to Sponsor in direct and fair proportion to the benefits not received by Sponsor due to the Force Majeure condition
(?Make-Good Benefits?). The Make-Good Benefits shall be subject to Sponsor?s approval which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditional. Until such time as the Make-Good Benefits are agreed upon, Sponsor
will continue to pay the full sponsorship fee to Provider as set forth above. If Make-Good Benefits are not agreed upon,
this Agreement shall not terminate, but rather the sponsorship fee to be paid by Sponsor will be adjusted to reflect the
benefits which were not available to Sponsor.

University Marks: Sponsor Marks. To the extent that any of the Sponsor's Benefits described in Exhibit A hereto include
the right to make use of University?s athletic logos or trademarks (?School Marks?), Sponsor agrees that its use of School
Marks is non-exclusive, limited and non-transferable and must be approved by the Provider and/or the University prior
to its use. Sponsor further agrees that it may not make use of School Marks in any retail promotion or sale of a product
without the approval of the University or its authorized agent and the payment of any required license fee. All right, title
and interest in and to the School Marks is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Provider. Sponsor grants
to Provider a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to use Sponsor's trademarks and logos as provided by
Sponsor (?Sponsor Marks?) to carry out the terms of this Agreement. All right, title and interest in and to the Sponsor's
Marks is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Sponsor.

Liability and Indemnification. To the extent permitted by law, each Party is responsible for its own acts and omissions
and the results of its own acts and omissions. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Party agrees to indemnify,
defend and hold the other party, including its members, officers, directors, employees, and other agents, harmless from
any and all liability (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney?s fees, costs and expenses) resulting from or
related to any claim, complaint and/or judgment for any negligent act or acts of intentional misconduct or any breach of
this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt and clarification, Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that Provider has no
control over any of the athletic events in which a University team participates or the athletic venues in which the event
occurs. Accordingly, Sponsor agrees that it has no right to bring a claim for indemnification against Provider or a claim
directly against Provider (each a ?Sponsor Claim?) under any theory of law and will not therefore bring or make any
sponsor claim under any theory of law against Provider arising out of or from any athletic event of the University or
occurring in or about a University athletic venue. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH
7, IN NO CIRCUMSTANCE AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) SHALL
EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, OR LOSS
OF OPPORTUNITY) SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE, UNDER WARRANTY, UNDER STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) OF THE PARTIES UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE
SPONSORSHIP FEE.
