by the arbitrators, including as to legal fees in accordance with Paragraph 10 is final, and judgment may be entered upon
it in accordance with law in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Miscellaneous. Sponsor and Provider will comply with all federal, state and local laws as well as all conference rules to
which the University belongs and NCAA rules and regulations in connection with their respective performance under
this Agreement . To that end, Sponsor shall not make use of any student-athlete?s name or likeness (as defined by the
NCAA) without advance written approval of University?s compliance officer and notwithstanding the granting of
approval, Sponsor agrees to indemnify, save and hold Provider harmless from and against any claim for remuneration or
consideration of any kind made by an athlete against Provider or its affiliated companies. All notices hereunder must be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when (a) delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b)
sent by facsimile (with written confirmation of receipt) (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested when received
by the addressee; (d) sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt requested), in each case to the
appropriate addresses set forth on the signature page below (or to such other addresses as a signatory may designate by
notice to the other signatories) or (e) when received by the addressee, if sent by e-mail to the appropriate e-mail address
of the addressee. Sponsor shall not have the right to transfer or assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the express prior written consent of Provider. In the event that cither Party shall cease conducting business in
the normal course, become insolvent, admit in writing its inability to meet its debts as they mature, make a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or is the subject of a petition in bankruptcy and such petition is not dismissed
within sixty (60) days from its filing, then at the option of the other Party, this Agreement shall terminate immediately
and be of no further force and effect. This Agreement and any exhibit attached to this Agreement constitutes and contains
the entire Agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or
contemporaneous written or oral understandings or agreements with respect thereto. No amendment to this Agreement
shall be valid unless in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. The failure of any Party to exercise any of its rights
under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights. This Agreement shall be binding
on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Sponsor and Provider are
independent contracting parties and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a partnership, joint venture or
agency relationship between them nor does it grant either Party any authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf
of or in the name of the other Party. If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable
by any court of competent jurisdiction, such enforceability or invalidity shall not affect the remainder of the Agreement,
which shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had not been set forth herein. In the
event any Party brings suit or institutes arbitration proceedings to construe or enforce the terms hereto, or raises this
Agreement as a defense in a suit or arbitration proceeding brought by another party, the prevailing party in such suit or
arbitration proceeding is entitled to recover its attorneys? fees and expenses. This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and enforced under the laws of the State of Missouri without regard to its principles of conflict or choice of
laws. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises regarding this Agreement, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted
jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the
authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts by facsimile or
electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed an original and each counterpart together shall constitute one
document.

Sponsor represents and warrants that the person whose signature appears below for Sponsor is duly authorized to execute
this Agreement and legally bind Sponsor under this Agreement. Sponsor further represents and warrants to Provider that
any person employed by Sponsor and acting with apparent authority for Sponsor in connection with this Agreement both
before and after it is fully executed is duly authorized by Sponsor to do so and bind Sponsor irrespective of whether that
person is the person who executed this Agreement for Sponsor. Sponsor further agrees that any defense of non-authority
by such person (or any similar defense) which Sponsor might raise in connection with this Agreement is hereby waived
by Sponsor. This Agreement shall not be binding upon Provider until and unless it is executed by Provider's General
Manager irrespective of whether Provider?s Account Executive has signed the Agreement.

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED
BY THE PARTIES.

The Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Blank

Signature Page to Follow
