8. Termination and Survivability.
a. Breach. In addition to all rights and remedies available under the law and this Agreement, including but not

limited to the right to seek specific performance, each Party shall have the right but not the obligation, to
terminate the Agreement if the other Party breaches any provision of this Agreement and such breach is not
cured within thirty (30) days after receiving written notice of such breach. In addition to all rights and remedies
available under the law and this Agreement, including but not limited to the right to seek specific performance,
each Party shall have the automatic right, but not the obligation, to terminate this Agreement in its entirety and
without providing any cure opportunity by providing written notice to the other Party in the following
situations: a Party: fails to function as a going concern or to operate in the ordinary course of business; is
dissolved or terminated; becomes insolvent or is unable to Pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability
generally to pay its debts as they come due: seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of a trustee,
administrator, receiver, custodian or other similar official is appointed for it or for all or substantially all of its
assets; has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all of its assets or has a distress, execution,
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or
restrained, in each case within thirty (30) days thereafter; makes a general assignment. arrangement or
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; institutes or has instituted against it a bankruptcy,
Teorganization or insolvency proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or
similar law of any country (an ?Insolvency Proceeding?); provided, however, with respect to an involuntary
Insolvency Proceeding, in the event such proceeding is not dismissed within thirty (30) days after filing: has a
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation; causes or is subject to any event with
respect to it which, under applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events
specified above: or takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence
to, any of the foregoing acts.

b. Termination. In the event of a termination or expiration of this Agreement except as may be otherwise
provided herein, immediately upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, each Party shall cease
displaying the other Party?s Marks. Either Provider shall immediately return any funds paid to it by Sponsor
for rights or benefits which have not yet been performed or delivered to Sponsor or Sponsor shall immediately
pay any funds due Provider for such rights or benefits which have been performed or delivered prior to
termination which have not yet been paid for by Sponsor as the case may be.

Ca The Continuing Terms survive the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Agreement. ?Continuing
Terms? means the terms of this Agreement that by their nature survive the expiration of the Term or earlier
termination of this Agreement, including Paragraph 3 (titled ?Payment Obligations of Sponsor?) and Paragraph
7 titled ?Liability and Indemnification?).

9. Arbitration. Any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or a breach hereof, is to be settled by arbitration in
accordance with the procedures set forth in this Paragraph. The Parties agree that, in the event of a dispute between them
relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Parties will submit such dispute to binding arbitration as provided herein.
All arbitrations will be conducted in St. Louis County, Missouri, pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association except as provided herein. The arbitrator used will be selected from arbitrators
employed by the American Arbitration Association and the decisions of the arbitrator are final and binding upon the
Parties. All arbitration will be undertaken pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, where applicable, and the decision of
the arbitrator is enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. Both Parties agree to waive their respective rights to
further appeal or redress in any other court or tribunal except solely for the purpose of obtaining execution of the decision
resulting from the arbitration proceeding. In the event of any arbitration or other legal proceeding brought by either Party
against the other Party with regard to any matter arising out of or related to this Agreement, each Party hereby expressly
agrees that the final award decision will also provide for an allocation and division between or among the Parties to the
arbitration, of: (i) legal fees and expenses as set forth in Paragraph 10; and (ii) all other costs and expenses of the dispute,
including court costs and arbitrator's, reasonable accountants? and expert witness fees, costs and expenses (including
disbursements) incurred in connection with such proceedings, on a basis which is just and equitable under the
circumstances. The arbitrator is directed by this Agreement to conduct the arbitration hearing no later than three months
from the service of the statement of claim and demand for arbitration unless good cause is shown establishing that the
hearing cannot fairly and practically be so convened. Depositions will be taken only as deemed appropriate by the
arbitrator and only where good cause is shown. The Parties to the arbitration will be entitled to conduct document
discovery by requesting production of documents. Reponses or objections will be served twenty days after receipt of a
request. The arbitrator will resolve any discovery disputes by such pre-hearing conferences as may be needed. Notices
of demand for arbitration must be filed in writing in accordance with Paragraph 10. A demand for arbitration is to be
made within a reasonable time after the claim has arisen, but in no event later than the date when institution of legal or
equitable proceedings based on such claim would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations. The award rendered

4
