11,

12.

13.

ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

c. This Agreement constitutes a legal, a valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as otherwise
provided by law.

d. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to
such party.

Exclusivity. During the term of this Agreement, RC will endorse the Program exclusively and that
RC shall not, by itself or in conjunction with others grant a license to another bank, credit union
or other financial institution to use the RC Marks on a credit card marketed to Alumni or to use
the Mailing List to solicit Alumni to participate in any credit card program.

Confidentiality. The terms of the Agreement, the mailing list(s) and any financial information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party are confidential. Confidential
Information will not be disclosed by the receiving party to any other person or entity except as
permitted by this Agreement. The parties may disclose the other party?s Confidential
information to (a) to their accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees
as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided the said persons are
advised to treat the Confidential Information as confidential in the above described manner; (b)}
as required by law or by any governmental regulatory authority; (c} pursuant to a properly
issued judicial order, subpoena or other request consistent with applicable law; and/or (d) with
the other party?s prior written approval.

Royalties. The licensing of the RC Marks and distribution of promotional marketing to the
Mailing List will provide RC with the following royalty income for the Rochester College Student
Scholarship Fund

a. for each new Credit Card Account opened and designated as the RC credit card under
this Program, which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days and is used by the
member for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not charged back or disputed,
RC will be paid $25.

b. RC will be paid one half percent (0.005) of net retail purchase transaction volume
charged to the RC credit card. RC may not be made for cash advances, convenience
checks, traveler's check purchases, finance charges, balance transfers, late fees, annual
fees, over-timit fees, transaction fees, returned check fees, ATM transactions and fees or
PIN transactions.

c. The Credit Union will make payment of royalties due approximately forty-five (45) days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

d. Reports. The Credit Union will, within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter,
provide a report to RC that includes the following data for the preceding quarter:

\. The total number of new Credit Cards issued during the preceding quarter
which are designated as a RC credit card.

