4.

Ss:

ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

Termination, The Agreement will terminate:

a.
b.
c.
d.

Upon expiration of the term;

Upon mutual written consent of the parties;

At RC's option, upon the Credit Union?s failure to timely cure a Credit Union Default;
At the Credit Union?s option, upon RC?s failure to timely cure a RC default;

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement:

a.
b.

All obligations of wither party under this Agreement, unless specifically referenced, will end;
The Credit Union will immediately cease using RC?s Marks (except as may otherwise be
permitted pursuant to another written agreement or written license entered into by the
parties after the Effective Date of this Agreement) and will not issue any new or renewal
Credit Cards using RC?s Mark although this provision does not restrict the Credit Union from
issuing new, renewal, or replacement credit cards without using any RC Marks, Existing
cards that bear the RC?s Mark may continue to be used by customers/members until the
card?s expiration date and will be reissued at that time without RC?s Mark;

The Credit Union will pay to RC, within 30 days of the effective expiration or termination
date, all royalties due as of the effective expiration or termination date.

License Use. RC grants the Credit Union an exclusive, non-transferable license to use the RC Marks
during the Term as follows.

a

b.

Licensed Uses. The Credit Union will only use the RC Marks for ticensed uses. The licensed
uses must be high in quality and preserve the RC brand. The Credit Union will not sell,
transfer, sub-license or assign any part of the Credit Union?s rights to use the RC Marks to
any successor, third party or any other person or entity, and the Credit Union will not
modify any RC Mark in any way.

Approval of Licensed Used, All licensed uses are subject to RC?s approval.

Ownership Rights. The RC Marks are RC?s property, and RC maintains all rights to the RC
Marks. This Agreement does not give the Credit Union any right, title or interest in any RC
Marks,

6. License: Mailing List. RC grants the Credit Union a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to
distribute promotional marketing to the Mailing List free of charge during the Term as follows:

a. Use of Mailing List. The Credit Union will provide promotional marketing information to
be distributed by RC to their Mailing List. The Credit Union will not obtain the Mailing
List from RC. The Credit Union may request promotional marketing items be sent to the
Mailing List multipte times during the Term.

7. The Program. The Credit Union will design, develop and administer the Program as follows:

a. Credit Decisions and Risks, The Credit Union will be responsible for all credit decisions
and will bear all the credit risks with respect to each customer.

