18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

remedied (?Credit Union Cure Period?), provided however, if the default stated
in the notice cannot be corrected within the Credit Union Cure Period, RC will
Not unreasonably withhold its consent to an extension of the Credit Union Cure
Period if corrective action is instituted and diligently pursued by the Credit
Union within the Credit Union Cure Period.
ii, A voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy is filed for or against the Credit
Union or a bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy receiver or trustee is appointed for all,
or substantially all, of the Credit Union?s assets; or
iii, The Credit Union becomes insolvent or makes a transfer in fraud of creditors, or
makes an assignment for the benefits of creditors.
b. RC?s Default. RC will be in default of this Agreement (RC Default) if and when:
i. RC fails to observe and perform any covenant, condition, agreement or
obligation on RC?s part to be observed or performed pursuant to this
Agreement, and such failure continues for a period of 30 calendar days after
written notice to cure has been delivered to RC by the Credit Union that
specifies such default and requests that such default be remedied (?RC Cure
Period?), provided however, if the default stated in the notice cannot be
corrected within the RC Cure Period, the Credit Union will not unreasonably
withhold its consent to an extension of the RC Cure Period if corrective action is
instituted and diligently pursued by RC within the RC Cure Period.
ii, RC formally disbands as an organization.
iii, RC becomes insolvent and makes a transfer in fraud of creditors, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors.
Force Majeure. Neither the Credit Union nor RC will be in breach hereunder by reason of their
delay in the performance of or failure to perform any of their obligations herein if such delay or
failure is caused by strikes other labor disputes, acts of God or the public enemy, riots,
incendiaries, interference by civil or military authorities, delays in transit or delivery, or any
other event beyond their control.
Binding Effect. This Agreement will remain to the benefit of and be binding upon RC and the
Credit Union and their respective successors and assigns
Severability. Except as provided in this Agreement, if any term, clause, provision, or paragraph
of the Agreement is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or
unenforceable, such declaration will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining
terms, clauses, provisions or paragraphs of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the only and entire Agreement between the parties
and supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations, representations and agreements, whether
verbal or in writing.
Application Law and Forum. Michigan law will govern the validity, construction and performance
of this Agreement and Michigan will be the forum for any proceeding or suit at law or in equity
arising from or incident to this Agreement.

