ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

range, the highest number in the range will be used) in effect on the fourth (4"") Tuesday of the
month prior to the beginning of each calendar quarter.

The credit card will offer Rewards! (?points?) for purchases of all eligible goods and services using
the participating Chief Financial Federal Credit Union's credit card (?card?). Accrual of points may
begin on the date the card and the card agreement is received by the cardholder. Point earnings are
based on the new net retail purchase transaction volume charged to the card during each periodic
billing cycle by the cardholder(s) (?net purchase(s)?). Points may not be combined with any other
loyalty/frequency reward program. Points will not be earned or accumulated for cash advances,
convenience checks, traveler?s check purchases, finance charges, balance transfers, late fees, annual
fees, over-limit fees, transaction fees, returned check fees, ATM transactions and fees or PIN
transactions, Chief Financial reserves the right to award bonus points to selected cardholders. The
Rewards! program is a service provided through Augeo Consumer Engagement Services, LLC, and
Chief Financial Credit Union. In the event of fraud, abuse of program privileges or violation of the
program rules (including any attempt to sell, exchange, or transfer points or the instrument
exchangeable for points), Chief Financial Credit Union reserves the right to cancel cardholder?s
membership in the Rewards! program. The Rewards! program is void where prohibited by federal,
state, or local law. Chief Financial reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of the
Rewards! program. Eligibility in the program is restricted to individuals who have a billing address
within the 50 United States or the District of Columbia.

The Credit Union will donate to RC a percentage of the new net retail purchase transaction volume
(?net purchases?) charged to the Rochester College VISA card (?card?) during each periodic billing
cycle. Net purchases may begin qualifying for donation calculation on the date the card and the card
agreement is received by the cardholder. Donations may not be made for cash advances,
convenience checks, traveler?s check purchases, finance charges, balance transfers, late fees, annual
fees, over-limit fees, transaction fees, returned check fees, ATM transactions and fees or PIN
transactions. Donations are made by Chief Financial in accordance with this agreement with RC and
not on behalf of the cardholder. The donations are not eligible for tax deduction by the cardholder
or any agent other than Chief Financial. Chief Financial reserves the right to award bonus donations
in association with select cardholders? net retail purchases. Chief Financial reserves the right to
disqualify any cardholder from participation in the program. The Share the Rewards program is void
where prohibited by federal, state or local jaw. Chief Financial reserves the right to change the
terms and conditions of the Share the Rewards program without written notice. Eligibility in the
program is restricted to individuals who have a billing address within the 50 United States or the
District of Columbia.

Term. The Agreement commences on the Effective Date and expires after three (3) years, unless
terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement will automatically renew at the end
of the initial term or any renewal term for successive one-year periods, unless either party gives
written notice of its intention not to renew at least ninety (90) and not more than one hundred
eighty (180) days, prior to the end of the then current term or renewal term.

