ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

b. Card Design. The Credit Union will, upon RC?s approval, create one or more designs and
layouts for Credit Cards. The front of the Credit Card will prominently display the RC
logo.

c. Fees. The Credit Card will be assessed the same fees as the CFCU Platinum Visa,
including without limitation late payment fees and any annual fees.

d. Compliance. The Credit Union will endure that the Program complies with all applicable
regulations and rules.

e. Customer Service. The Credit Union will provide customer support for the Program,
including without limitation in-person, Internet and telephone support, which is
equivalent to or exceeds the support available to the Credit Union?s other members.

8. Credit Union Marketing and Promotional Responsibilities. The Credit Union shall bear all costs
with creating, producing and mailing all Marketing for the program as follows:
a. Approval of Marketing. All marketing is subject to RC approval.
Visa Compliance. The Credit Union will verify that all marketing complies with all
applicable Visa marketing rules and requirements.
c. Credit Union Website Information. The Credit Union will include the following on it
general Internet website
i. Information accessible to the public describing the Program;
ii. A Credit Card application that may be submitted electronically;
iii. A hyperlink to the RC website.

9, RC Marketing and Promotional Responsibilities. To maximize the number of alumni
opportunities to open a credit card under this Program, RC shall provide to the Credit Union the
following marketing opportunities at no additional charge:

a. RC shall permit the Credit Union to advertise the Program on RC?s website with a link
from such advertisement to the Credit Union?s website to encourage credit card
applications. RC shall modify or remove such advertisement within five (5) business days
of the Credit Union's request.

b. RC shall permit the Credit Union to advertise the Program on RC?s social media pages
with a link from such advertisement to the Credit Union's website to encourage credit
card applications.

c. RC shall permit the Credit Union to advertise the Program in any electronic newsletters
that are sent by RC with a link from such advertisement to the Credit Union?s website to
encourage credit card applications.

10. Representations and Warranties, The parties represent and warrant to each other as of the
Effective Date, and throughout the term of this agreement that:
a. It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.
b. It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement to
perform its obligations under the Agreement.

