Payment as provided herein shall be made by check, payable to BSUAA in U.S. Dollars and sent to the
following address:

Boise State University Alumni Association
1910 University Drive
Boise, ID 83725

This Agreement serves in lieu of an invoice. A receipt from BSUAA will be made available on demand.

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Sponsor and BSUAA agree to the following additional terms and conditions of this Agreement:

Trademarks. Except as otherwise agreed by Sponsor and BSUAA in writing, no authorization is granted, beyond
what is specified herein, to Sponsor for use of BSUAA?s names, logos, trademarks, service marks, trade names or
other identifying indicia (?Trademarks?). Accordingly, any such use is prohibited without the express written
consent of BSUAA.

Production Expenses. Sponsor shall be responsible for paying production expenses associated with the
preparation of marketing and promotional materials. BSUAA either will (i) present such costs for Sponsor?s direct
payment, or (ii) if requested by Sponsor, assume such costs and reflect them to Sponsor for payment as additional
expenses.

Preparation of Promotional/Sponsorship Recognitions. BSUAA is responsible for providing publication space or
spot-advertisement locations for Sponsor-prepared promotional/sponsorship recognitions or advertising.
Advertising production, video or graphics production, talent charges and service charges, if any, are not covered
under this Agreement and remain Sponsor?s sole responsibility, but may be obtained, if available, for an additional
service fee. Sponsor is responsible for timely submitting to BSUAA its advertisements, promotional/sponsorship
recognitions and acknowledgments, graphics, LED designs, video-board features and/or Internet displays, or the
like, as applicable, for elements listed in this Agreement (?Sponsorship Materials?). Sponsorship Materials provided
by or on behalf of Sponsor shall be in compliance with generally accepted standards and subject to BSUAA
approval (including with respect to the content and quality of the Sponsorship Materials), which, hereunder, shall
not be deemed approval as to conformity with any federal, state or local laws or regulations. If BSUAA has not
received from Sponsor its applicable Sponsorship Materials for publication, distribution, broadcast or display by
the deadline date (which BSUAA will provide Sponsor), or if Sponsor submits to BSUAA copy corrections of
Sponsorship Materials after the deadline date, then BSUAA shall not be obligated to publish Sponsorship Materials
or corrected Sponsorship Materials, whichever the case may be. BSUAA?s failure to publish Sponsorship Materials
or corrected Sponsorship Materials due to Sponsor?s failure to meet the deadline date, however, shall in no way
relieve Sponsor of any of its obligations and duties under this Agreement, including its obligation to submit
payments in full, as set forth in the Contract and Payment Terms section. Sponsor agrees to hold and save BSUAA
and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, trustees, officers, employees and agents harmless against any and all claims,

losses or damages (including reasonable attorneys? fees and expenses) arising or resulting from BSUAA?s publishing
Sponsorship Materials, or any parts thereof, in the form or format Sponsor (or its agent) provides, approves or
requests. BSUAA reserves the continuing right to reject, cancel, or suspend any Sponsorship Materials at any time,
for any reason whatsoever (including, but not limited to, unsatisfactory technical quality, objectionable or unlawful
content, and inaccurate information), even if such Sponsorship Materials have already been published and/or
used.

Page 3 of 6
