4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

5.1

Account for any purpose whatsoever, and you shall have no right in or obligation with
respect to any Account.

You agree to provide to the Bank all Brand Features, Content and Affinity Group Data
during the Term.

You agree that you will only use Bank Authorized Materials in connection with the
promotion, advertisement or marketing of the Program. You will make no modificatrions
to the Bank Authorized Materials except as are expressly approved by Bank.

You acknowledge and agree that, subject to complying with any applicable privacy laws
and regulations, Bank may contact Members who have submitted Applications with
marketing materials and other information relating to the Bank?s other products.

You warrant and represent that the Brand Features and Content do not include any of
the following material:

4.7.1 The trade names, logos, slogans or other identifying indicia of competitors of the
Card Association through which the Cards have been issued under the Program;

4.7.2 Political Statements (e.g. Neo-Nazi, Pro-Life, etc.);

4.7.3. Advertising or promotional material other than that for which you own or are
licensed to use all applicable intellectual property rights (including for the
purposes of this Agreement);

4.7.4. branded products, other than those for which you own or are licensed to use all
applicable intellectual property rights;

4.7.5 any copyright image, other than one which you own or are licensed to use;
4.7.6 any trade mark, other than one which you own or are licensed to use;

4.7.7 foreign or U.S. celebrities that are recognizable by the average person in the
United States;

4.7.8 phone Numbers and URL addresses;

4.7.9 socially Unacceptable Groups (e.g. gangs, supremacy, etc.);
4.7.10 provocative or sexual content;

4.7.11 violent content;

4.7.12 profane or obscene content; or

4.7.13 content making reference to the Olympic Games or associated events.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

You grant each of the Bank and the Card Association an irrevocable, non-transferable,
non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide, license for the Term, to use the Affinity Group
Data for the purpose of procuring the Application for, the manufacture of, and issuing

3
