03-08-16

TERM OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for an initial term of five ;
(5) years, ending on March 14, 2021 (?Term?). Following the Term, WAA and UWCU
(collectively the ?Parties?) shall have the option to extend this Agreement. Subject to
Section 11 regarding Termination below, a party wishing to exercise the option to extend
this Agreement shall provide written notice of that intention to the other patty no earlier
than one hundred eighty (180) days and no later than ninety (90) days before the end of
the Term. The Parties shall have thirty (30) days after the receiving party?s receipt of the

?intent to exercise the. extension option in which to agree on the terms and conditions of

any extension term. The Parties shall be obligated to conduct such negotiations in good
faith,

OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS OF WAA

(a) WAA agrees that during the Term of this Agreement UWCU will be the exclusive
provider of debit and credit cards as UW-Madison?s branded debit and credit card
pattner. WAA agrees that neither WAA nor any WAA Affiliate will, by itself or
in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, ?
develop, market, solicit proposals for progtams offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than UWCU) the providing of, any Affinity Card Program of
any entity other than UWCU; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow
to exist the use by others of the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks in relation to
or for promoting any Affinity Card Program of any entity other than UWCU; and
(iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise
make available any of its mailing lists or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Affinity Card Program of
any entity other than UWCU. UWCU acknowledges that this exclusivity does not
extend to use of the Program Trademarks on paper check products. In addition, if
WAA or any WAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such
sales, WAA shall not, and shall cause WAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment .
product or method of payment over any payment product or method. of payment
?offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to
the contrary, (i) nothing in this Section 3(a) is intended. to limit the types of
payment products which WAA or the UW-Madison accepts for any of its
products or services; and (ii) WAA may accept advertising from. any financial
institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by WAA of said financial institution or advertising for an Affinity
Card Program.

(6) | WAA, at no cost to UWCU, agrees to provide UWCU with such information and?
assistance as may be reasonably requested by UWCU in connection with the
Affinity Card Program including, but not limited to, twice per year providing its
current Mailing List. ;
