10.

Li

03-08-16

(b)

confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Confidential Information will not
be disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted
under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. UWCU and WAA will be
permitted to disclose such Confidential Information (i) to their accountants,
lawyers, financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (its
?Agents?) as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided
that said persons agree to treat the Confidential Information as confidential in the
above described manner provided, however, that the party disclosing Confidential .
Information to its Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 9 by their
Agents, or (ii) as required by law or requested by any governmental regulatory
authority. .

UWCU and WAA each agree that if one of their Agents discloses such
Confidential Information to another person or entity in violation of this Section 9,
or uses such Confidential Information for a purpose not expressly permitted in
this Section 9, such act shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement by
the party whose Agent it is and the: non-breaching party may, in addition to any
other right or remedy available at law or in equity and upon ten (10) days prior -
written notice to the other party, cease providing the other party with any
reporting or other information. concerning the Affinity Card Program or the
Agreement, whether or not a requirement of the Agreement.

Each party shall also ensure that the Mailing List is not disclosed contrary to the
provisions of this Agreement or Applicable Law. Without limiting the foregoing,
each party shall implement such physical, electronic and other security measures
as are necessary to (i)ensure the security and confidentiality of WAA
Information; (ii) protect against any threats or hazards to the security and integrity
of such information, (iii) protect against any unauthorized access to or use of such
information, and (iv) properly dispose of any Mailing List as required under
Applicable. Law. If, during the Term of the Agreement, the UWCU associate
managing the relationship with WAA (the ?Relationship Manager?) knows or
becomes aware of any unauthorized third party access which affects the security
of Accounts under the Program, the Relationship Manager will notify WAA of
such claim.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Wisconsin
and will be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Wisconsin.

TERMINATION

i)

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by UWCU or WAA, the
other party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching patty.
This notice will (i) include a description of the material breach; and (ii) state the
party?s intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure
or substantially cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice, as

i0
