03-08-16

(@)

@

WAA, at no cost to UWCU, agrees to send two emails approved by UWCU
annually on UWCU?s behalf to all alumni and current WAA members (but not

current students).

WAA, at no cost to UWCU, will provide the following marketing and
promotional opportunities annually to UWCU:

@ Unless otherwise agreed, one full-page advertisement promoting the
Program and UWCU will appear in On Wisconsin once pet year.WAA will permit .
UWCU, to place a banner advertisement approved. by WAA pursuant to .
Section 3(e) hereof, on WAA?s website ad rotation. UWCU may establish a
hyperlink from such advertisement to another internet site through which a
Meniber may apply for the Affinity Card Program or other UWCU products and
services. :

Gi)  WAA will list and describe the Affinity Card Program under the sponsor ~
and marketplace sections on uwalumni.com and such other sections of the website
that the Parties mutually agree upon. UWCU will be provided access to view and
edit all Affinity Card Program materials made available on WAA?s website.

(iti) ?A marketing insert promoting the Affinity Card Program and UWCU in

the WAA Member Kit that is mailed twice per month to Alumni who are new
members to the WAA and to Alumni that are renewing their membership.

(iv) Effective methods to communicate to regional alumni chapters to promote

. the Affinity Card Program. and UWCU.

(v) Collateral displays in the WAA main lobby and at appropriate events
hosted by WAA.

(vi) Annually provide additional program and event sponsorships that UWCU
may choose to-invest. UWCU is under no obligation to invest in any or all of
such: additional program or event sponsorships and may determine which
additional sponsorships it chooses to support in its sole discretion.

WAA will have the right of prior approval of all uses of WAA and UW-Madison
Trademarks by UWCU for proper usage; such approval will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. UWCU shall have the right to use any image or register or
common. law trademark of WAA, UW-Madison, and their Affiliates to promote
the Affinity Card Program. UWCU shall access such images and trademarks

exclusively through the WAA and will not use images or trademarks subject to

this Agreement obtained from WAA Affiliates without the prior permission from
the WAA.

Within thirty (30) days following the request of UWCU, WAA will provide

. UWCU with the Mailing List free of any charge; provided, however, that WAA

will not include in any Mailing List the name and/or related information regarding
