2m RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ALUMNI
ASSOCIATION

(a) Alumni agrees that during the term of the Agreement it shall, and otherwise shall
cause the University to, endorse the Financial Service Products exclusively and will not
sponsor, advertise, aid, develop. or solicit any Financial Service Products of any
organization other than USF FCL. It will not license or allow others to license the
Alumni Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Services Products of
any entity other than USF FCU. It will not sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow
others to sell, rent or otherwise make available anv of its information about any current or
potential members for the purpose of promoting the Financial Service Products of any
entity other than USF FCU. Notwithstanding anvthing else in the Agreement to the
contrary, Alumni may accept sponsorship and advertising from any financial institution
provided there is no endorsement by the Alumni Association of said financial institution
with regard to products competitive with Financial Service Products.

(b) Alumni agrees to provide USF FCU with such information and assistance as may
be reasonably requested from time to time in connection with the Agreement.

(c) All solicitations (mail, direct) shall be distributed through a mutually agreed upon
third party vendor or the Alumni Association. Alumni authorizes USF FCU to solicit its
Members by mail, direct promotion, advertisements, and e-mail Unless otherwise
approved by the Alumni Association, the maximum number of solicitations shall be
quarterly via mail and/or email and a minimum of two direct mails per year. Mailing
(email and mail) Lists will only be shared with a mutually agreed upon, third party
vendor. Email lists will only be shared for suppression purposes. All emails will be sent
by the USF Alumni Association.

(d) Alumni shall have the right of prior approval of all Financial Service Products
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by USF FCU, which contain Trademarks.
Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(e) Upon the request of USF FCU, Alumni shall provide to a mutually agreed upon
third party vendor current Mailing Lists free of any charge for the purpose of completing
approved solicitations. The Mailing Lists shall include non-duplicate names with
corresponding postal addresses . The third party vendor shall, in a form acceptable to the
Alumni Association, agree to hold all information including the Mailing Lists
confidential and to not use the lists for any purpose other than the approved solicitation.

(f) Alumni will have the right to review and approve USF FCU Financial Service
Products marketing materials to Members or potential members. Alumni may respond to
individual inquiries about the Financial Service Products from its Members on an
individual basis utilizing information provided by USF FCU.

(g) Alumni hereby grants USF FCU a limited. exclusive license to use the
Trademarks in conjunction with the Financial Service Products including the promotion

(vs)

?a3
