another credit or charge card program endorsed by Alumni provided the opportunity
is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation
to Members and provided further no such persons are directly or indirectly identified
as a customer of USF FCU. or offered any terms or incentives different from that
offered to all Members.

LL. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

(b) All provisions concerning indemnification and confidentiality shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be
deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights. The rights and remedies provided
for in this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights,
powers, privileges or remedies provided for by law or in equity.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be
construed as part of this Agreement.

(e

[f any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement which
shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been
contained herein.

(f) All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
(i) upon receipt by hand delivery. facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3)
business days after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt. requested. All notices shall be addressed as _ follows:

!. If to Alumni Association:

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, INC.
Sam and Martha Gibbons Alumni Center

4202 East Fowler Avenue ALC 100

Tampa, Florida 33620

ATTENTION:
William H. McCausland
Executive Director

to

[Fto USF FCU:
13302 USF Palm Drive
Tampa FL 33612

10

KRU
