NI

JAS sO C1ATION

aS ran

f:

August 28, 2018

Mr. Miles Strickland

USF Federal Credit Union
13302 USF Palm Drive
Tampa, Florida 33612

Dear Miles:

As a follow up to our prior discussions regarding an extension of the current University of South Florida
Alumni Association Affinity Agreement between USF Federal Credit Union and University of South
Florida Alumni Association, this letter and the attachment serve to formalize our moving forward
relationship.

Both Joel Momberg and | had the pleasure of meeting with Rick Skaggs recently and we appreciate his
echoing of your previously stated long-term commitment to the University of South Florida and its
Alumni Association. Please allow me to reiterate what | have hopefully clearly stated to Rick, Debbie
and you many times before ? USF Alumni Association is committed to do what it takes to make this
financial services agreement a huge success for USF Federal Credit Union. A success not only when
looking at a current income statement, but also one that strengthens your long-term financial position
due to your members brought in through this relationship evolving in the products and services they
utilize with your Credit Union.

Attached to this letter is a proposal which | believe captures your most recent position when we met on
July 10, 2018. This addresses the price reduction to be more in line with the return you are currently
realizing from this investment. | sincerely appreciate your offers to both phase in the price reduction
starting August 1, 2019 as well as allowing us to ?step down? the price reduction so that we don?t take
the full hit in one year. | hope you agree the attached proposal captures our discussion and
accomplishes the reduction over the five year period.

USF Alumni Association has enjoyed the six years of partnering with USF Federal Credit Union and we
look forward to many successful years ahead. As always, thank you for the opportunity to bring your
unique and beneficial financial products to alumni and friends of the University of South Florida.

| look forward to wrapping up this ?formal process? and focusing on growing the business toward even
greater success.

Sincerely,

William H. ML IKE

Executive Director

attachment
USF ALUMNI AssociATION
University of South Florida ? 4202 East Fowler Avenue, ALC1OO ? Tampa, Florida 33620-5455
Phone: 813-974-4380 ? 800-299-BULL ? Fax: 813-974-2245 ? www.USFalumni.org
