(d) USF FCU shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect
to each Financial Service Product.

(e) USF FCU shall use Mailing Lists provided by Alumni in the manner provided for
in this Agreement and shall not permit those persons or entities, including any third
party. handling these Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose. Further, all
persons and entities receiving the Mailing Lists shall agree to hold the information as
confidential. USF FCU shall have the sole right to designate Members on these
Mailing Lists to whom promotional material for the Financial Service Products will
be sent. The Mailing Lists are and shal! remain the sole property of Alumni. USF
FCU may separately maintain all information which it obtains as a result of an
account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of USF FCU?s own files and shall be entitled to use this information
for any lawtul purpose.

(f) USF FCU shall provide Alumni with a link to Alumni?s home web page from USF
FCU?s website.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) Alumni and USF FCU each represents and warrants to the other that throughout
the term of this Agreement:

1. [tis duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

2. [t has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party.
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors?
rights generally and by general principles of equity.

4+. No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the execution; delivery and performance of this Agreement,
except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will
not constitute a violation of any law, rule. regulation. court order or ruling
applicable to such party.

we

an

(b) Alumni represents and warrants to USF FCU as of the date hereof and throughout
the term of this Agreement that it has the full right and authority to license the Alumni
Association Trademarks and to sublicense the University Trademarks to USF FCU for
use as contemplated by this Agreement, and to provide the Mailing List(s) to USF FCU?s
mutually agreed upon third party vendor, for the promotion of the Program. Alumni
further represents and warrants to USF FCU as of the date hereof and throughout the term

aA

KS
