SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

THIS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (this ?Agreement?) is between Texas Trust Credit Union,
a Texas chartered credit union (?Sponsor?), and Maverick Sports Properties, LLC, a Missouri Limited
Liability company qualified to do business in Texas (?Licensee?).

RECITALS:

Subject to the approval of the BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF Texas SYSTEM (?Board?)
and THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT ARLINGTON ("UT Arlington?), Licensee has the right to grant Sponsor
certain sponsorship benefits on behalf of UT Arlington's Intercollegiate Athletics Department (?Athletics
Department"). Board and UT Arlington are sometimes collectively referred to as ?University.?

Sponsor desires to be considered as an official sponsor ("Official Sponsor?) of Athletics
Department as set forth in Section 1.1 of Attachment 1, attached and incorporated for all purposes, and
receive the sponsorship rights provided for in this Agreement in exchange for the sponsorship payment
described in Section 4 of this Agreement.

Sponsor is aware that the terms of this Agreement will not incorporate or affect any philanthropic
gifts issued to University by Sponsor.

In consideration of good and valuable consideration received and hereby acknowledged to be
adequate, Sponsor and Licensee agree as follows:

1. Sponsorship Recognition.

11 Recognition. Sponsor will be recognized as set forth on Attachment 1, so long as such
recognition complies with Section 1.2 and satisfies the qualified sponsorship requirements under
the then current Treasury Regulations. All sponsorship recognition provided under this Agreement
is collectively referred to as ?Sponsorship Recognition.? All Sponsorship Recognition materials
provided or permitted under this Agreement are collectively referred to as ?Sponsorship
Recognition Material.?

1.2 No Endorsements or Calls to Action. Notwithstanding any other term or condition of this
Agreement to the contrary, no Sponsorship Recognition Material or recognition of Sponsor of any other
any kind, may state or imply that University endorses a particular company, organization or any other
entity, including Sponsor, or any other entity's goods or services, including Sponsor's goods or
services. Sponsor will not have the right to display a message in Sponsorship Recognition Material
that contains a comparative or qualitative description of Sponsor's goods or services, price information
about Sponsor's goods or services, or any other message that is a call to action related to Sponsor's
goods or services.

2. Term; Termination.

2.1 Term. The term (?Term?) of this Agreement will commence on July 1*', 2019 (the ?Effective
Date?), and will expire on October 30", 2022 (?Expiration Date?). "Contract Year" means that
period of time beginning on the Effective Date and ending June 30 thereafter, and each following
twelve (12) month period during the Term of this Agreement.

2.2 Term Subject to Rights Aqreement; Termination upon Expiration or Termination of Rights

Agreement. Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that the rights and privileges granted by Licensee
under this Agreement are subject to (1) that certain Trademark License Agreement dated July 1,
2014, between Licensee and Board; and (2) that certain Agreement for Use of Designated Marks
in connection with Multimedia Rights Marketing Program dated July 1, 2014, between Licensee
and UT Arlington, (collectively, the ?Rights Agreement"). If the Rights Agreement expires or
terminates at any time during the Term of this Agreement, University may, at its option, assume all
