2.2

Organization Rules and University Rules. All Sponsorship Recognition Material
must be submitted to:

The University of Texas at Arlington
PO Box 7399

Austin, TX 78713
ener: Craig Westemeler

athletics.utexas.edu
Foe fox 2-232-7080

for written approval prior to production and use. The parties will cooperate with
each other in order ta assure compliance with this Section. Requests for written
approval of Sponsorship Recognition Material will be in writing, accompanied by
the material to be approved, and transmitted by facsimile, express mail, overnight
carrier, or regular mail depending upon the expected response time. University
will use reasonable efforts to respond to requests within ten (10) days after the
date the request is received by University in accordance with this Section. Failure
to obtain prior written approval required by this Section will be a material breach of
this Agreement and will entitle University to terminate this Agreement.

Inability to Broadcast or Publish

If University, due to public emergency or necessity, legal restrictions, labor disputes,
strikes, boycotts, secondary boycotts, acts of God, (whether or not such acts of God have
occurred frequently or habitually or are of a common or seasonal occurrence in the general
locality of such broadcasting or publishing), or for any reason, including mechanical
breakdowns beyond the control and without the fault of University, is unable to broadcast
or publish Sponsorship Recognition Materials at the time specified, University will not be
liable to Sponsor except to the extent of allowing a pro rata reduction in the Sponsorship
Payment or reasonably suitable alternate broadcast or publication arrangements.

Sponsorship Recognition Material Preparation

2.3.1 Licensee Obligations. Licensee will provide broadcast time or publication space
for Sponsorship Recognition Material prepared by Sponsor or Sponsor's agent.
Production of Sponsorship Recognition Material, supplying talent, and other
services will be arranged, coordinated and paid for by Sponsor and are not covered
by this Agreement. Company's obligation under this Section to provide broadcast
time or publication space for Sponsorship Recognition Material is conditioned upon
Sponsor providing Licensee the necessary Sponsorship Recognition Material and
any related services, all of which must have been approved pursuant to Section
2.1 and submitted to Licensee no later than fourteen (14) days prior to broadcast
or publication (the ?Material Due Date?).

2.3.2 Right to Substitute Sponsorship Recognition Material for Broadcast. If Licensee
does not receive the Sponsorship Recognition Material for broadcast, previously
approved as required by Section 2.1 of this Attachment, by the Material Due Date,
Licensee will _noti the following Sponsor representative verbally:

with written confirmation delivered in
accordance with Section 9 of this Agreement. If Sponsor fails to provide Licensee
with the approved Sponsorship Recognition Material at least twenty-four (24) hours
after the Material Due Date, Licensee will not be obligated to broadcast the
Sponsorship Recognition Material. Licensee's failure to broadcast the Sponsorship
Recognition Material as a result of Sponsor's failure to meet the Material Due Date
will in no way relieve Sponsor of any of its obligations and duties under this
Agreement, including the obligation to pay the Sponsorship Payment in full.
