obligations and rights under this Agreement. If the Rights Agreement expires or terminates at any
time during the Term of this Agreement and if University does not assume all obligations and rights
under this Agreement, Licensee may, at its option, terminate this Agreement. Any amounts that
have accrued and are due to Licensee at the time of termination of this Agreement will be paid to
Licensee within ten (10) days after Sponsor's receipt of written notice of termination. Any amounts
that accrue and are due after the termination of this Agreement will be paid to UT Arlington in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.2.1 If Licensee terminates this Agreement under this Section, the parties acknowledge
that Sponsor will only be required to pay for a pro-rata portion of the Sponsorship Payment
based on Sponsorship Recognition actually provided to Sponsor prior to termination of this
Agreement. If Sponsor has, as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement, paid
to Licensee more than that pro-rata amount, Licensee will promptly refund the difference
to Sponsor.

2.3 Termination with Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement, effective upon
delivery of a written termination notice, without prejudice to any other legal or equitable rights to
which such terminating party may be entitled, if (i) the other party fails to perform a material duty or
obligation under this Agreement, and that failure is not (a) cured to the satisfaction of the
non-defaulting party within thirty (30) days following written notice of the failure to the defaulting
party, or (b) to the extent not reasonably curable within the thirty (30) day time period, attempted to
be cured within the thirty (30) day period and, thereafter, pursued diligently until cured to the
satisfaction of the non-defaulting party within a reasonable time period; or (ii) any of the
representations or warranties made by the other party to this Agreement prove to be untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect.

2.4 University?s Rights to Terminate. Because University is a third-party beneficiary of this
Agreement, in addition to University's rights to terminate under Section 3, University may
immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensee and Sponsor, if University
reasonably determines Sponsor has used any Designated Marks in any manner, or engaged in any
other act or omission, that materially tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on the
Designated Marks or University's business or reputation, or that might dilute or otherwise harm the
value, reputation or distinctiveness of University's goodwill in the Designated Marks. f University
terminates this Agreement under this Section 2.4, Sponsor will only be required to pay for a pro-
rata portion of the Sponsorship Payment due to Licensee based on the Sponsorship Recognition
actually provided to Sponsor by Licensee prior to termination. In the event that Sponsor has, as of
the effective date of termination, paid to Licensee more than the pro-rata amount, Licensee will
promptly refund the difference to Sponsor.

2.5 Continuing Obligations. Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason will not
relieve either party from its obligation to {i) perform up to the effective date of such expiration or
termination, or (ii) perform such obligations as may survive expiration or termination.

Approval of Agreement by University.

3.1 This Agreement is subject to the approval of University. Licensee will submit this
Agreement to University to obtain approval prior to Licensee's execution of this Agreement. In the
event University?s approval is not given, this Agreement will be void and of no effect and each party
will be relieved of any and all obligations hereunder.
