infringements of copyrights or music performance rights and/or other proprietary rights; or
advertisements which are otherwise contrary to law.

7.3 Survival. The provisions of Sections 7.1 and 7.2 will survive any termination or expiration
of this Agreement.

8. Sponsor's Agent.

Any person signing this Agreement as an agent of Sponsor represents and warrants that he or
she has full power and authority as an agent of Sponsor to sign this Agreement on behalf of Sponsor and
bind Sponsor to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any person signing this Agreement as
an agent must provide to Licensee for Licensee?s approval documentation evidencing the authority of
agent to represent and bind Sponsor (the "Evidence of Authority?). Agent must provide, and Licensee
must approve, the Evidence of Authority prior to Sponsor receiving any Sponsorship Recognition or any
other rights provided under this Agreement.

9. Notices.

Except as otherwise provided by this Section, all notices, consents, approvals, demands, requests
or other communications provided for or permitted ta be given under any of the provisions of the
Agreements will be in writing and will be sent via certified mail, hand delivery, overnight courier, facsimile
fransmission (to the extent a facsimile number is set forth below), or email (to the extent an email address
is set forth below) as provided below, and notice will be deemed given (i) if delivered by certified mailed,
when deposited, postage prepaid, in the United States mail, or (ii) if delivered by hand, overnight courier,
facsimile (to the extent a facsimile number is set forth below) or email (to the extent an email address is
set forth below), when received:

If to Licensee: JohnFinch
General Manager
Maverick Sports Properties
801 Spaniolo Drive
Arlington, TX 76019

with copies to: Katie Worden
Learfiel rs
2400 Dallas Parkway, Suite 500

Plano, TX 75093

and copies to University: Shelby L. Boseman
University Attomey

Davis Hall, Suite 246
701 S. Nedderman Dr.

Arlington, TX 76019

If to Sponsor: Jim Mi
President and CEO
5850 W Interstate 20 Suite 130
Arlington, TX 76017

or such other person or address as may be given in writing by either party to the other in accordance
with this Section.
