5. Organization shall indemnify and hold harmless the Credit Union and their affiliates or
vendors as a result of:

a

b.
c.
d.

Negligent or willful acts of this agreement

Any irremediable breach of this agreement by the Organization

Any breach of intellectual property rights

Any use by you or your affiliates of unauthorized Credit Union intellectual property

6. Credit Union shall indemnify and hold harmless the Organization and defend the
Organization from any and all losses incurred by them in connection with:

a.

b
c.
d

Negligent or willful acts of this agreement

. Any irremediable breach of this agreement by the Credit Union

Any breach of intellectual property rights

. Any of use by you or your affiliates of unauthorized Credit Union intellectual

property

TERMS AND TERMINATION

1. Agreement will commence 3 years from the effective date of agreement with the option
of either party to renegotiate at 1 year from the effective date of this agreement. If both
parties agree a new agreement will be established. If the parties do not agree, either
party may cancel the agreement in writing within 30 days.

2. Credit Union will reserve the right to cancel within 180 days of this agreement without
cause.

3. Contract will be terminated if in violation with any federal or state laws regulating
compliance of the Program.

4. Credit Union will retain ownership of accounts if the contract is terminated.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

1, Both parties will appoint a designated representative to resolve the dispute. If a dispute
cannot be reached, the dispute will be sent to non binding mediation.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, and the documents referred to in it, constitute the entire agreement and
understanding of the parties acknowledges and supersedes any previous agreement between
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that entering into this Agreement, and the
documents referred to in it, it does not rely on, and shall have no remedy in respect of, any
