AFFINITY CARD AGREEMENT

THIS CO-BRANDED CARD AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?) dated as of tub 41 20S
(the ?Effective Date?) governs the operation of the Co-Branded Card Program (the ?Program?}
that The Southern Credit Union (?Credit Union?) is making available to University of West

Georgia Foundation, Inc., organized under the laws of the State of Georgia (?You?, ?Your?, or

the ?Organization?), and includes the contractual provisions governing the Program. By signing
this Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions in this
Agreement.

Summary: The Program enables members of Organization and the University of West Georgia
Alumni and employees (the ?members?) to apply for Cards issued by the Credit Union. The Card
and certain other Program marketing materials may include images and logos selected by you
that promote the Organization and the benefits to the Program to your members. You benefit
through the payment by the Credit Union to you of the Rewards as described below.

Agreement: In consideration of the mutual agreements, terms, covenants, representations and
warranties is hereby acknowledged, the Parties each agree as follows:
CREDIT UNION OBLIGATIONS

1. Construct, host and maintain a web page for your website to promote and provide
information.

2. Provide a link from the hosted website to the Credit Unions website, to allow applicants
to apply for cards.

3. Provide you with Credit Union authorized materials and marketing assistance from time
to time to help optimize the success of the Program.

4. Credit Union will underwrite, establish, maintain accounts in accordance with its policy
and procedures and may change from time to time at its discretion.

5. Credit Union shall issue cards to United States residents only.
6. Credit Union reserves the right to approve any material used by the Organization for the
program and may terminate this agreement if it determines the material conflicts with

its brand name or tarnishes its reputation in any way.

7. The Credit Union reserves the right to decline any applicant who is outside of its federal
or state charter, regardless of the applicant?s credit worthiness.
