DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

which such written offer should include an agreement to pay all de-conversion and transfer expenses. Any
such offer to purchase the University Member Accounts will not be considered by VACU in the event
University is in default of this Agreement or this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 4.4.
The decision on whether to accept any offer of purchase is within the sole discretion of VACU.

4.4 Either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1) a party
fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Agreement and fails to remedy or cure such material term, obligation, covenant or condition within thirty
(30) calendar days following written notice to such party stating, with particularity and in reasonable detail,
the nature of the claimed breach; or (2) a material adverse change occurs in a party?s financial condition;
or (3) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the dissolution or
termination of a party?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of a party, the appointment of a re-
ceiver for any part of a party?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor
workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against
a party; or (4) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding,
self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a party or by any governmental
agency against any of a party?s property.

4.5 After Year 1, either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason with sixty (60) days
written notice to the other party.

4.6 If there occurs a material change in any applicable law, statute, rule or regulation, or any mate-
rial change in any operating rule or regulation of MasterCard which makes the continued performance of
this Agreement under the current terms and conditions unduly burdensome, then VACU shall have the right
to terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice. Such written notice shall include an
explanation of the burden imposed as a result of such change.

4.7 Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if the other Party has
committed any act or makes any public statement tending to bring either Party into public disrepute or
which creates adverse publicity which reflects unfavorably on the other Party or its reputation, services or
products.

ARTICLE 5. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) VACU agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to University Accountholders
which shall include the minimum MasterCard standards for product enhancements associated with the Mas-
terCard product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be available only for such period of
time as the related services are available to VACU and its cardholders from third party processors and
providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to cancellation or
change by VACU at any time, with or without prior notice. VACU reserves the right to add, delete, modify
or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such Enhancements from time-to-time
during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that from
time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by VACU to the Accountholders are provided by
third parties unrelated to VACU and that such Enhancements, including the availability and cost thereof to
VACU, may change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified or
withdrawn in the sole discretion of VACU.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, University Accountholders will participate in the VACU
5
