DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by VACU.

5.2 VACU may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the Member Accounts
during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any Accountholder
Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected Accountholders as may
be required by law or regulation.

5.3 VACU agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone number
for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards or to
make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 VACU will, at its cost of at a minimum $250,000 (Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars),
during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop solicitation materials designed for the purpose of en-
couraging the acquisition and usage of the Credit Card by potential Accountholders of University. The
materials will be designed and developed for a variety of presentation and marketing methods, i.c., bro-
chures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, ete. VACU will generate at a minimum 2 (two)
direct mail efforts on annual basis. The exact choice of materials, presentation and marketing methods will
be made by VACU, subject to the approval of use of Licensed Trademarks by University for use with its
solicitations, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. University will use commer-
cially reasonable efforts to provide approval or denial within seventy-two (72) hours or less from receipt of
marketing proofs.

University agrees to provide to VACU, at no cost to VACU, one or more electronic media files in
a form and content useable by VACU or by a third-party provider designated and approved by VACU, for
use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form as VACU agrees, identifying University?s
alumni for solicitation purposes. VACU has right to request and receive a refreshed list of alumni prior to
sending any solicitation by providing thirty (30) days? notice to the University.

6.2 University agrees to cooperate with VACU to actively market the Credit Card through com-
mercially viable means including, at University?s expense and throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term, but not limited to: (1) two exclusive invitations to apply benefits e-mail and/or e-blast messages on
an annual basis to all University Members to solicit potential Accountholders and make them aware of the
Credit Card and its benefits. For the avoidance of doubt this will not include students, do not solicit or
international email addresses; (2) VACU logo and link will appear on the University homepage and benefits
page throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms in order to direct applicants to a Credit Card
application internet web page located at VACU or with its service provider; (3) encouraging Accounthold-
ers to utilize the Credit Card once issued; (4) annual distribution of Credit Card solicitation materials to
potential Accountholders at agreed upon events and locations; (5) two annual advertisements in Univer-
sity?s e-newsletter which contain web links to the official internet website in order to direct applicants to a
Credit Card application internet web page located at VACU or with its service provider, and (6) as mutually
agreed upon posts through University?s official Facebook and Twitter accounts with various copy and offers
(e.g. "Show your pride with the new VCU credit card.? ?Enjoy the flexible rewards program with thousands
of reward options including VCU merchandise"). University agrees that it will obtain prior written approval
from VACU for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and content of such marketing ma-
terials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the Credit Card (including
the use of VACU?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or for University in any marketing effort

6
