?Eki GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to its
conflict of laws principles). Any disputes regarding this Agreement shall be within the jurisdiction of the courts of Greene
County, Ohio. If jegal action is necessary to enforce this Agreement or collect any amounts owing under this Agreement,
the prevailing party has the right, subject to applicable law, to payment by the other party of all reasonable attorney's fees
and costs, including fees on any appeal and any post-judgment collection actions. The parties agree that such legal action
shall be filed and heard exclusively in Greene County, Ohio, except as prohibited by applicable law.

X. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by CU ar WSUAA, the other party may terminate this
Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching party. This notice shall (i) describe the material
breach, and (il) state the party?s intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or
substantially cure such breach within sixty (15) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure
Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate thirty G0) days after the Cure Period.

(b) Should the products and services described and offered in this Agreement become illegal or otherwise regulated
through Truth in Lending or other government regulations which significantly or materially change the rights and
responsibilities of the parties, then either party shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Ifeither CU or WSUAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or
takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors
or is subject to receivership, conservatorship, or liquidation, then the other party may immediately terminate this
Agreement.

(d) Upon termination of this Agreement, CU shall, in a manner consistent with Section X(d) of this Agreement, cease
to use the Licensed Trademarks. CU agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest
in or to the Licensed Trademarks or to the Licensed Lists provided pursuant to the Agreement. However, CU may
conclude all solicitation that is required by law. CU shail not be required to remove WSUAA?s identification or
Licensed Trademarks from any person?s credit cards, credit devices, check or records of any Customer existing as
of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

(e) CU shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating or referring to the
termination of this Agreement communicated by WSUAA to the Members. Such notice shall be factually
accurate, and CU?s approval shall be limited to remarks that could be considered disparaging to CU, its affiliates,
the Program, or the Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, WSUAA shall not attempt fo cause the
removal of WSUAA?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person?s credit cards, credit devices,
checks or records of any Customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

XI. INDEMNITY

Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement and as allowed by law, each party to this Agreement
(?Indernnitor?) shall indemnify and hold the other party (?Indemnitee?) harmiess from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, regulatory or civil actions, costs or expenses (including any attorneys? fees or other expenses
reasonably incurred by any Indemnitee in connection with investigating any claim against Indemnitee and defending any
action and any amounts paid in settlement or compromise) that arise out of or are based upon (a) the failure of Indemnitor,
its officers, employees or agents to conform to the statutes, ordinances and other regulations and requirements of any
