WRIGHT-STATE-UNIVERSITY-ALUMNI- ASSOCIATION...
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

This agreement is entered into as of this _/ pk day of Lepchien ad thy. , 2012, (the ?Effective Date?) by and between
WRIGHT-PATT CREDIT UNION a state-chartered credit (inion having its principal place of business at 2455 Executive
Park Blvd., Fairborn, Ohio (?CU?), and the WRIGHT STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, an alumni
association having its principal place of business at 3640 Colonel Glenn Highway, Fairborn, Ohio (?WSUAA?) for

themselves, and their respective successors and assigns,

WHEREAS, CU and WSUAA have agreed to engage in an affinity program pursuant to which CU shall provide certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to CU by or on behalf of WSUAA in exchange for
certain compensation paid to WSUAA; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, CU and WSUAA agree
as follows:

L DEFINITIONS
When used in this Agreement,

(a) ?Agreement? means this Agreement, together with any schedules and exhibits attached hereto, as amended from
time to time.

(b) ?Credit Card Account? means a credit card account opened by a Member in response to marketing efforts ()
made pursuant to the Program: and (i) that include the Licensed Trademarks.

() ?Customer? means any member who is a participant in the Program.

(d) ?Financial Services Products? means Credit Card Accounts and all other financial products and services as
mutually agreed by CU and WSUAA from time to time,

? ?Licensed Lists? means updated and current lists (in an industry-standard format designed or provided by CU)
containing names, postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers and electronic mail addresses or
reasonably selected membership characteristics.

@? ?Licensed Trademarks? means any and all designs, images, visual representations, logos, service marks, trade
dress, trade names, and trademarks set forth in Exhibit A to this agreement (which is hereby incorporated by
reference) and any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark
used or acquired by WSUAA during the term of this agreement.

(g) ?Member? means members of the WSUAA and alumni of Wright State University.

Ch) ?Program? means the Financial Services Products CU agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members
from time to time.

@ ?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule B (which is hereby incorporated by reference).
