(g) CU and WSUAA are not agents, representatives, or employees of each other, and neither party shall have the
power to obligate or bind the other party in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement. Both parties are and shall be independent contractors with respect to the terms, provisions and
operation of this Agreement. Nothing contained herein and no act done pursuant to the Agreement ts intended to
or shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, employment, principle ~agent, or similar relationship
between CU and WSUAA.

(h) Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations thereunder without the written consent of the
other party.

(0) This Agreement shall be binding upon and is an agreement only by and between CU and WSUAA and their
successors and assigns as permitted by this Agreement. No other persons or party shall be a beneficiary hereof or
have any rights hereunder, and no rights or remedies are conferred by this Agreement upon any other person or

party.

?O) This agreement contains a complete, final, exclusive and fully integrated agreement of the parties with respect to
the matters covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect.to the
matters covered herein. Each of the parties acknowledges that it has not executed this Agreement in reliance upon
any promise, representation, or warranty not contained herein.

(kK) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

@ The parties hereby agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will
nat apply to this contract,

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties, by its representatives, has executed this Agreement as of the Effective
Date,

Wright State University Wright-Patt Credit Union
Alumni Association

By yy ih iu. By: boi Pugeer

Signature Signature

Print Name: reg Sees. Print Name: Eo Broager
Title: Ercetetig Dicer Title: VP Cbnsvmer Lending
Date: S73 A/D Date: $-3 i.)

