76

7.7

7.8

If there is a change in the General Requirements of Law and either Party reasonably
concludes that this Agreement cannot be performed without violating such General
Requirements of Law as so modified, or if the application of such modified General
Requirements of Law will impose material and additional costs on such Party that such
Party reasonably determines cannot be avoided by such Party, the Party affected by

?the change shall have the right to provide the other Party prompt notice hereof. The

notice shall include a detailed explanation of such change and evidence of the illegality
or material, additional and reasonably unavoidable costs imposed as a result of such
change. Within thirty (30) days of such notice, the Parties will begin to negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement to the extent necessary to ensure that the Parties
will be in full compliance with all applicable General Requirements of Law. In the event
that any change in General Requirements of Law make the continued performance by
either Party under the then-current terms and conditions of the Program illegal, and the
parties are unable to agree upon modifications to this Agreement within ninety (90)
days of such notice, then either Party will have the right to terminate this Agreement
without penalty, upon the earlier to occur of (i) the ninetieth (go day after written notice
of the change has been given, or (ii) the effective date of any change in General
Requirements of Law that would make the continued performance illegal. In the event
that any change in General Requirements of Law imposes material, additional and
reasonably unavoidable costs on either Party, and the Parties are unable to agree upon
modifications to this Agreement within ninety (90) days of such notice, then either Party
will have the right to terminate this Agreement without penalty, at any time after the
expiration of the ninetieth (90" day after such written notice of change, upon thirty (30)
days written notice of termination.

Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any rights or obligations
which shall have accrued prior to such termination. ?

Upon the termination of this Agreement:

7.8.1. you acknowledge and agree that Bank shall continue to own the right, title and
interest in and to each relevant Account;

7.8.2 you will not, within thirty (30) days after termination, solicit or assist a new Card
provider that you may select to offer a Card program similar to the Program
established under this Agreement to solicit applications from Customers who
have opened Accounts with Bank to change their Card to one issued by the new
Card issuer.

7.8.3. Bank shall:

7.8.3.1 notify each Cardholder that the Program is no longer associated with
you. Such notice will be delivered in a format and manner consistent
with Bank's ordinary practice in use at the time of the notice; and

7.8.3.2 promptly upon termination of this Agreement, Bank shall discontinue use
of your Company Content on the Website and in any marketing
materials related to the Program used by Bank, and shall cease to use
your Company Content on any Bank Approved Materials; provided
however, that Bank shall shail not be required to reissue Cards that do
not include your Company Content until the expiration of each such Card
previously issued to a Customer.

7.8.4 you shall immediately:

