?Account?

?Activated Account?

?Affiliate?

?Affinity Group?

?Affinity Group Content?

?Affinity Group Data?

"Agreement"

"Applicant"

?Application?

?Bank?

?Bank Authorized Materials?

"Bank Website"

SCHEDULE 1
GLOSSARY

means each credit card account opened pursuant to an
Application processed and approved by Bank.

means an Account which has been used by the
Cardholder for any transaction within 90 days of the
Application being approved, including but not limited to,
a retail purchase, cash advance or balance transfer;

means, in relation to you or Bank, any company that is
controlled by, or is under the common control with, a
Party.

means each entity that applies to participate in the
Program in the manner set forth in this Agreement.

means any text, image or logo submitted by you to Bank
for the purpose of being used on the Card, the Bank
Authorized Materials, other approved marketing
materials, or the Website, as contemplated by this
Agreement.

means data submitted by you to Bank during the Term,
including the Affinity Group Content and the Brand
Features.

means this Affinity Group Agreement together with
Schedule 1 hereto.

means a person who makes an Application for a Card
either through a link available on the Website or in
response to a solicitation by you, by Bank or through
other Bank Authorized Materials provided by you.

means a request for a Card directed to Bank pursuant to
this Agreement.

means UMB Bank N.A., a national banking association
whose principal office is at 1010 Grand Boulevard,
Kansas City, MO 64106, or such other credit card Bank
as may subsequently be substituted as Bank upon
notice to you and the reissuance of Cards to
Cardholders from time to time during the Term.

marketing materials relating to the Program which shall
be provided to you by Bank from time to time.

means a website that Bank maintains and which is
available via a link from the Hosted Website at which
potential Applicants may submit an application to Bank
for a Card issued under the Program and can obtain
information regarding their Account.

13
