CO-BRANDED CARD AGREEMENT

THIS CO-BRANDED CARD AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement") dated as of April 8, 2013 that
UMB Bank, n.a. (?Bank?) is making available to National Student Nurses Association, Inc., a
Non-profit organized under the laws of the District of Columbia, with an office and principal place
of business in the City and State of New York ("you?, ?your? or the ?Company?), and includes the
contractual provisions governing the Program. By signing this Agreement, each of the Parties
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

Summary, The Program enables members of Company and other interested members of the
general public to apply for Cards issued by the Bank. The Card and certain other Program
marketing materials may include images and logos selected by you that promote the Company
and the benefits to the Program to your Members. You benefit through the payment by Bank to
you of the Rewards as described below. :

Agreement. In consideration of the mutual agreements, terms, covenants, representations and
warranties in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the legal sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties each agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

41.1 In this Agreement, including the preamble hereto (except where the context otherwise
requires), the words and expressions beginning with capital letters shall have the
meanings given to them in the Glossary below.

1.2 The Schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in
the body of this Agreement, and any references to this Agreement include the

Schedules. If there is a material conflict between the body of this Agreement and any
Schedule, the provisions in the body of the Agreement shail control.

2. BANK?S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Bank will provide the following services for Company. under this Agreement:
2.1.1 construct, host and maintain a Hosted Website, which will include your
Company Content and will allow your Members to obtain information about the
benefits of the Cards via a link from Your Website;

2.1.2 provide a link from the Hosted Website to the Bank's Website, to allow
applicants to apply for Cards;

2.1.3 provide you with Bank Authorized Materials and marketing advice from time to
time to help you optimize the success of the Program;

2.1.4 pay to you the Rewards in accordance with Section 3;

2.1.5 _ if set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, provide the Cardholder Rewards to
Cardholders who participate in the Program in the manner set forth therein;and

