GLOSSARY

?Account"

?Activated Account?

?Affillate?

"Agreement"

?Applicant"

?Application?

?Bank?

?Bank Authorized Materials?

"Bank Website"

"Brand Features"

"Business Day?

?Business Hours"

means each credit card account opened pursuant to an
Application processed and approved by Bank under this
Agreement.

means an Account which has been used by the
Cardholder for any transaction within ninety (90) days of
the Application being approved, including but not limited
to, a retail purchase, cash advance or balance transfer.

means, in relation to you or Bank, any company that is
controlled by, or is under the common control with, such
Party.

means this Co-Branded Card Agreement together with
any Schedules hereto.

means a person who makes an Application for a Card
either through a link available on Your Website or in
response to a solicitation by you, by Bank or through
other Bank Authorized Materials provided by you.

means a request for a Card directed to Bank pursuant to
this Agreement.

means UMB Bank, N.A., @ national banking association
whose principal office is at 1010 Grand Boulevard,
Kansas City, MO 64106, or such other credit card bank
as may subsequently be substituted as Bank upon
notice to you and the reissuance of Cards to
Cardholders from time to time during the Term.

marketing materials relating to the Program which shall
be provided to you by Bank from time to time.

means a website that Bank maintains and which is
available via a link from the Hosted Website at which
potential Applicants may submit an application to Bank
for a Card issued under the Program and can obtain
information regarding their Account.

means the trade marks (whether registered or
unregistered), service marks, logos and other distinctive
brand features that you submit to Bank for use with the
Program, including their look, form, feel and substance.

means any day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a
bank or public holiday in the State of Missouri.

means 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Central Time on Business
Days.

15
