?Event of Force Majeure?

?General Requirements of Law?

?Hosted Website?

"Initial Term"

"Intellectual Property Rights"

?Loss?

?Party"

?personnel?

?Privacy Rules?

?Program?

has the meaning given to it in Section 11.1

means, with respect to Bank, those requriements of law
or regulation that apply to issuers of credit cards under
the laws of the United States or any State, and with
respect to Company, it includes any laws that may
change Company's tax-exempt status, if applicable,
because of Company's participation in the Program, and
any laws or regulations that govern a participant in a co-
branded credit card arrangement similar to the Program.

means a website to be constructed and maintained by
Bank that will be available to you and to your Customers
via a link from Your Website, that describes the Card
Program, contains your Company Content, and that
enables Bank to administer the Program, and that will
contain a link to the Bank Website for the purpose of
accepting applications from Applicants.

means the period between the Effective Date and the
end of the period set forth in Schedule 1 hereto.

copyright, design tights, rights in databases, moral
tights, trade marks, service marks, trade and business
names, patents, rights in inventions and other intellectual
property rights, in each case whether registered or
unregistered and including applications for the grant of
the foregoing and all rights or forms of protection having
equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing which
may subsist anywhere in the world.

any damages, loss, costs, claims or expenses (including
without prejudice to Section 8.2, loss of profit, data,
revenue, use, goodwill, reputation, anticipated savings,
market or business (whether direct, indirect, special,
consequential, pecuniary, non-pecuniary or otherwise)
whatsoever and howsoever caused and any indirect
special or consequential damages, loss, costs, claims or
expenses of any kind).

means you or Bank, and ?Parties? shall mean both of us.

means the officers, directors, and employees of the
relevant Party.

means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and
its implementing regulations applicable to national banks
(12 CFR Part 40), the Interagency Guidelines
Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer
Information and state laws regarding the privacy and
security of consumers? personal information, as may be
changed from time to time.

means the affinity card program created under this
Agreement, by which your Customers, using the Hosted

17
