2.2

2.3
2.4

3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

2.1.6 if Schedule 2 is attached to this Agreement, provide you with Card
Customization Services as set forth therein.

Bank shall underwrite, establish, maintain and service Applications and Accounts in
accordance with Bank?s credit criteria, policies and procedures and Cardholder
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time at Bank's sole discretion,
but at ail times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, and in a manner
which is not materially different from or materially less favorable than the manner in
which Bank deals with all similar card applications and accounts.

Bank shall issue Cards under this Program only to residents of the United States.

You acknowledge that Bank and Card Association have the right to approve the use of
Company Content in connection with the operation of the Program (at each entity?s
sole discretion). Bank reviews Company Content prior to the commencement of the
Program and periodically throughout the Term to ensure that such Company Content
meets the requirements of this Agreement, including the limitations set forth in Section
4.7. Bank has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if
Bank determines, in its reasonable discretion, that use of any Company Content in
connection with the Program is likely to significantly tarnish Bank?s or the Card
Association's image and/or cause substantial harm to Bank?s or the Card Association's
Intellectual Property Rights, and Company fails to take such action as Bank reasonably
requires to remedy such non-conforming use.

REWARDS TO BE PAID BY BANK TO YOU

In consideration of your participation in the Program and the performance of your other
obligations under this Agreement, the Bank shall pay you the Rewards set forth in
Schedule 1 hereto.

Payments of Rewards by Bank to you shall be made in immediately available funds not
later than the Due Date following the end of each Quarter, via automated clearinghouse
credit to a deposit account that you specify, or by such other substitute payment
method chosen by Bank upon notice to you.

All amounts referred to in this Agreement shall be paid in US Dollars. You are
responsible for any taxes payable on the amount of your Rewards.

During the term of this Agreement, the Bank agrees that it will maintain complete and
accurate records with respect to the Program(s) and participation of members therein,
and such records will be made available for inspection at the offices of the Bank by
representative(s) of NSNA, at reasonalbe times and on reasonable prior notice by
NSNA, provided that any such inspection shall be subject to such security procedures
as the Bank may reasonably require under applicable rules, regulations or statutes
governing the conduct of the Bank's business. The Bank agrees to provide quarterly
reports of all activity under the Program(s), together with the quarterly payment of
Rewards in accordance with Section 3.2.

