CO-BRANDED CARD AGREEMENT

THIS, CO-BRANDED CARD AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement") dated as of 2\'22
20 (the "Effective Date?) governs the operation of the Co-Branded Card Pr?grai
?Pp ?) that -UMB _ Bank, ?Bank? i ing available ? to
as AL: : a

laws of the State o' (?you?, ?your? or the pany,

provisions governing the Program. By signing this Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

organized under the

Summary. The Program enables customers of Company and other interested members of the
general public to apply for Cards issued by the Bank. The Card and certain other Program
marketing materials may include images and logos selected by you that promote the Company
and the benefits to the Program to your Customers. You benefit through the payment by Bank to
you of the Rewards as described below.

Agreement, in consideration of the mutual agreements, terms, covenants, representations, and

warranties in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the legal sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties each agree as follows:

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

=

441 In this Agreement, including the preamble hereto (except where the context otherwise
requires), the words and expressions beginning with capital letters shall have the
meanings given to them in the Glossary below.

1.2 The Schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in
the body of this Agreement, and any references to this Agreement include the

Schedules. If there is a material conflict between the body of this Agreement and any
Schedule, the provisions In the body of the Agreement shall control.

2, BANK?S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
24 Bank will provide the following services for Company under this Agreement:
2.1.1 construct, host and maintain a Hosted Website, which will include your
Company Content and will allow your Customers to obtain information about the
benefits of the Cards via a link from Your Website;

2.1.2 provide a link from the Hosted Website to the Bank?s Website, to allow
applicants to apply for Cards;

2.1.3 provide you with Bank Authorized Materials and marketing advice from time to
time to help you optimize the success of the Program;

2.1.4 pay to you the Rewards in accordance with Section 3:

2.1.5 if set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement, provide the Cardholder Rewards to
Cardholders who participate in the Program in the manner set forth therein; and

Co-branded Card Agreement Page | of 20

