"Card"

?Card Association?

?Cardholder?

?Cardholder Agreement?

?Cardholder Rewards?

?Company Content"

?Customer?

?Due Date?

"Effective Date"

?Eligible Transaction Volume?

?Escalation Procedure?

means, a credit card issued by Bank and made available
to a Cardholder which is branded with your Company
Content.

means Visa U.S.A. or such other card association as
Bank shall from time to time notify you during the Term.

means an Applicant in whose name an Account is
established, including a joint accountholder or guarantor
or authorized user thereof. For purposes of Schedule 2
only, ?Cardholder? also includes an Applicant who
seeks to use the Card Customization Services provided
by Bank under that Schedule.

means an agreement between Bank and a Cardholder
for an extension of credit under an Account, and any
amendments thereto and renewals thereof.

means the benefits made available to Cardholders by
virtue of Card use on an Account, as set forth from time
to time in the Rewards Program Rules provided by Bank
to Cardholders. Cardholder Rewards may be funded by
Bank, Company or by each Party, as set forth more fully
in Schedule 1.

means any text, image or logo (including the applicable
Brand Features) submitted by you to Bank for the
purpose of being used on the Card, the Bank
Authorized Materials, other approved marketing
materials, the Hosted Website or the Bank Website, as
contemplated by this Agreement.

means a person who applies for a Card either at the
Hosted Site or using an Application provided by or on a
form approved by Bank.

the date falling thirty (30) days after the end of a Quarter
or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following
Business Day.

means the date set forth in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.

means all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated using an Account, excluding transactions that
(1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized
transactions, (2) are cash equivalent transactions
(including, without limitation, cash advances, the
purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery
tickets, or casino gaming chips); or (3) constitute the
redemption by Cardholder of Cardholder Rewards
earned for Card use.

means the procedure set out in Section 15;

16
