15.10

16.2

16.3

17.

18.

18.1

mediation proceedings shall be deemed to be information subject to the confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement. The mediator will have no power or authority to relieve the
Parties from their agreement hereunder, or to mediate or otherwise to amend or
disregard any provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of
this Section 15.

Should a mediator refuse or be unable to proceed with Mediation proceedings as called
for by this Section 15, the mediator shall be replaced by mutual agreement of the
Parties.

Each Party will bear a pro rata share of all fees, costs, and expenses of the mediation.n
the event mediation is unsuccesful, the parties may proceed with litigation. The parties
and notwithstanding any law to the contrary, each Party will bear all the fees, costs, and
expenses of its own attorneys, experts, and witnesses through mediation.

Nothing in Sections 15.2 to 15.9 (inclusive) shall be construed to prevent any Party from
seeking from a court a temporary restraining order or other temporary or preliminary
relief pending final resolution of a Dispute.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, and the documents referred to in it, constitute the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties and supersedes any previous agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement, and
the documents referred to in it, it does not rely on, and shall have no remedy in respect
of, any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, promise, or assurance
(whether negligently or innocently made) of any person (whether Party to this
Agreement or not) other than as expressly set out in this Agreement.

Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

The parties confirm that this Agreement is for the benefit of the contracting parties only
and shall not confer any benefit on, or be enforceable by a third party.

LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties hereto shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and State of
Missouri, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable choice-of-
law principles.

[remainder of this page intentionally blank]

Co-branded Card Agreement Page 13 of 20
