7.1

7.2

7.3

74

75

76

7.7

TERM AND TERMINATION

The provisions of Sections 1, 5.1, 8, 9.1, and Sections 10 through 18 shall be effective
from the Effective Date, but all other provisions, notwithstanding your submission and
acceptance of this Agreement, shall not become effective until the following conditions
(the ?Conditions of Acceptance?) have been fulfilled:

7.1.1. Bank and Card Association shall each approve you as a participant for the
purposes of the Program (at each such entity?s sole discretion); and

7.1.2 Bank and Card Association shall each approve the Affinity Group Content (at
each relevant Party?s sole discretion).

If the Conditions of Acceptance have not been fulfilled or waived in accordance with this
Section on or before the expiration of sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, Bank shall
be entitled to terminate this Agreement upon notice to you, following which this
Agreement shall terminate and neither Party shall be under any liability to the other by
reason of such termination. After the Conditions of Acceptance have been fulfilled, this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the remainder of the Initial Term as
set forth in Schedule 1 hereto (the ?Initial Term?), unless renewed or terminated earlier
pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 7.

Upon expiration of the tnitial Term, this Agreement shall renew for successive six month
renewal periods (each, a "Renewal Period") on the same terms and conditions, without
further notice from one Party to the other, unless terminated by either Party by notice
served not less than ninety (90) days prior to the expation of the Initial Term or the then
current Renewal Period.

Either Party may by notice terminate the Agreement if the other Party is in default of
any material obligation under this Agreement and either:

7.3.1 the default is capable of remedy and the defaulting Party shall have failed to
remedy the default within 30 days of notice to the defaulting Party specifying the
default and requiring its remedy; or

7.3.2 the default is not capable of remedy.

Bank shall have the option to terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written
notice to you without cause.

If either Party becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, it is adjudicated
insolvent, or files for or is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization
proceeding (excluding any involuntary petition dismissed or discharged within sixty days
of filing), it makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors prior to bankruptcy, it is
unable to meet or has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it
applies for or is subject to receivership, trusteeship, conservatorship or liquidation, then
the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any rights or obligations
which shall have accrued prior to such termination.

Upon the termination of this Agreement:

7.7.1. you acknowledge and agree that Bank shall continue to own the right, title and
interest in anid to each relevant Account;

6

