Git) HUECU shall have the right, but not the obligation, to reissue Credit Card
Products previously issued to Cardmembers pursuant to this Agreement and to issue Credit Card
Products to applicants whose applications are received after the effective date of such termination,
in HUECU?S own name and without any reference to HARVARD or HAA on such Credit Card
Product(s).

(iv) Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, all obligations to
HARVARD shall cease after the effective date of such termination.

11. Other Products. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing herein
shall be construed to prevent HUECU from offering products to HARVARD Members who are
eligible for membership in HUECU and of whom HUECU learns of independently of information
provided to HUECU hereunder or independently from the Program (e.g., through other
relationships or HUECU?s marketing to persons eligible for HUECU membership in the ordinary
course of business and not the Program). To the extent HUECU desires to specifically target any
offer of another financial product to Cardmembers or HARVARD Members, the Parties shall agree
on the products to be offered and the corresponding compensation to HARVARD.

12. Notices. Whenever any notice, demand, or request is required or permitted, such
notice, demand, or request shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, be sent by registered
or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or be sent by nationally recognized
commercial courier for next business day delivery, to the addresses set forth in this Agreement
and/or to such other addresses as are specified by written notice given in accordance herewith, or
shall be transmitted by facsimile or electronic mai! (?e-mail?) to the number or e-mail address for
each Party set forth in this Agreement or by HARVARD (or HAA) or to such other numbers as are
specified by written notice given in accordance herewith (with a duplicate of the notice sent the
same day by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by nationally recognized
commercial courier for next business day delivery). All notices, demands, or requests delivered
by hand shall be deemed given upon the date so delivered; those given by mailing as hereinabove
provided shall be deemed given on the date of deposit in the United States Mail; those given by
commercial courier as hereinabove provided shall be deemed given on the date of deposit with the
commercial courier; and those given by facsimile or e-mail transmittal shall be deemed given on
the date of facsimile transmittal. Any notice, demand, or request not received because of changed
address or facsimile number of which no notice was given as hereinabove provided or because of
refusal to accept delivery shall be deemed received by the Party to whom addressed on the date of
hand delivery, on the date of facsimile transmittal, on the first calendar day after deposit with
commercial courier, or on the third calendar day following deposit in the United States Mail, as
the case may be.
