members, employees, students, prospective students, other persons associated with Harvard and
other individuals. Therefore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, HUECU agrees that, (1) it shall not disclose or use any Personal Data except to the
extent necessary to carry out its obligations under this Agreement and for no other purpose, (2) it
shall not disclose Personal Data to any third party, including, without limitation, its third party
service providers without the prior consent of HAA and an agreement in writing from the third
party to use or disclose such Personal Data only to the extent necessary to carry out HUECU?s
obligations under this Agreement and for no other purposes except in relation to the marketing
and/or administration of a the Rewards Program as described in Section 6 above, (3) it has
implemented and shall maintain, and shall require all third parties approved under clause (2) to
maintain, effective information security measures to protect Personal Data from unauthorized
disclosure or use in compliance with 201 C.M.R. 17.00, and (4) it shall provide HARVARD with
information regarding such security measures upon the reasonable request of HARVARD and
promptly provide HARVARD with information regarding any failure of such security measures or
any security breach related to Personal Data. Provided that so long as HUECU publishes a privacy
policy explaining its use of customer?s name and contact information and the customer?s option in
regard to that usage, HUECU may use such information in a manner consistent with said privacy
policy without violating clauses (1) and (2) of the preceding sentence. The obligations set forth in
this Section 4 shall be perpetual and shall survive termination of this Agreement. For the purposes
of this Agreement, ?Personal Data? means the following types of personally identifiable
information, in any form or media, about current or former HARVARD faculty members,
employees, students, prospective students, other persons associated with Harvard and other
individuals: (i) an individual?s social security number, bank or other financial account numbers,
credit or debit card numbers, driver?s license number, passport number, and other government-
issued identification numbers; (ii) identifiable individual financial information, employee benefits
information, education records, HARVARD identification numbers, and any information about an
individual that has been marked as private; and (iii) any additional types of personally identifiable
information about individuals that Harvard from time to time designates in writing as Personal
Data. For purposes of this Section 4, Personal Data excludes nonpublic personal information
provided by a Harvard Member directly to HUECU or such information provided by HUECU to
HARVARD pursuant to this Agreement.

5. Records. During the Term (as defined hereafter), and for a period of at least three
(3) years thereafter (or for such longer period if required under applicable law), HUECU agrees
that it will maintain accurate records with respect to its obligations under this Agreement. Such
records, including source documentation, shall be open for inspection by representatives of
HAA?f, and only to the extent that, such inspection would not violate any state or federal rule,
regulation, statute or regulatory guidance applicable to HUECU?at such times as shall be agreed
upon by HUECU, such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, provided that any inspection
shail be subject to such security procedures as HUECU may reasonably impose and subject to such
limitation as may be required under applicable rules, regulations or statutes governing the conduct
of HUECU?S business.

6. Relationship. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall be construed to
constitute or establish an agency, joint venture, partnership or fiduciary relationship between the
Parties, and neither Party shall have the right or authority to act for or on behalf of the other Party.
