agreements and representations, all of which are merged herein. No amendment or modification
of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and executed by all of the Parties hereto.

15. Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of either Party to insist, in any one or more
instances, on the performance of any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed
as a waiver or relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance of any
such term or condition, and the obligations of the non-performing Party with respect thereto shall
continue in full force and effect.

16. Severability. If any term, covenant, condition, or provision of this Agreement, or
the application thereof to any person or circumstance, shall ever be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable by a court or judicial officer, the provision shall remain in effect to the extent
allowed by law, and in each such event the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such
term, covenant, condition, or provision to any other person or any other circumstance (other than
those as to which it has been deemed invalid or unenforceable) shall not be thereby affected and
each term, covenant, condition, and provision thereof shall remain valid and enforceable to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

17. Informal Dispute Resolution. HARVARD and HUECU hereby waive their rights
to resolve disputes through any court proceeding or litigation and acknowledge that all disputes
shall be resolved pursuant to this Section 17, except that equitable relief may be sought pursuant
to Section 7 from any court of competent jurisdiction. Both Parties represent to the other that this
waiver is made knowingly and voluntarily after consultation with and upon the advice of counsel
and is a material part of this Agreement. Any controversy or claim between HARVARD, on the
one hand, and HUECU on the other hand, arising from or in connection with this Agreement or
the relationship of the Parties under this Agreement whether based on contract, tort, common law,
equity, statute, regulation, order or otherwise (?Dispute?) shall be resolved as follows:

(a) Upon written request of either HARVARD, on the one hand, or HUECU on the
other hand, a duly appointed representative(s) of each party will meet for the purpose of attempting
to resolve such Dispute. Should they be unable to resolve the Dispute, the Executive Director of
the Harvard Alumni Association will meet with HUECU?s President and Chief Executive Officer
(the ?Executives?) in an effort to resolve the Dispute. Said meeting shall be in person or by
telephone.

(b) The Executives shall meet as often as the Parties agree to discuss the problem in an
effort to resolve the Dispute without the necessity of any formal proceeding.

(c) Formal proceedings for the resolution of a Dispute may not be commenced until
the earlier of:

(i) the Parties concluding in good faith that amicable resolution through the
procedures set forth in subsections 17(a) and (b) hereof does not appear likely; or

(ii) the expiration of the thirty-five (35) calendar day period immediately
following the initial request to negotiate the Dispute; :

-10-
