STANFORD Marketing & Sponsorship Agreement

ATHLETICS

4. Force Majeure. No party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement to the extent that any delay or failure in the
performance of its obligations results from any cause beyond the non-performing party?s control and without such
party?s fault or negligence, such as acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, embargoes, epidemics, war, acts
of terrorism, riots, insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, floods, loss of power, strikes or lockouts (?Force
Majeure?). If any Force Majeure condition affects Provider?s ability to perform its obligations set forth hereunder,
Provider shall give written notice to Sponsor, and Provider will offer mutually agreeable make-good benefits to
Sponsor in direct and fair proportion to the benefits not received by Sponsor due to the Force Majeure condition
(?Make-Good Benefits?). The Make-Good Benefits shall be subject to Sponsor?s approval which approval will not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Until such time as the Make-Good Benefits are agreed upon, Sponsor will
continue to pay the full sponsorship fee to Provider as set forth above.

5. University Athletics Department Marks. To the extent that any of the Sponsor?s Benefits described in Exhibit A
hereto include the right to make use of University?s athletics logos or trademarks (?Stanford Athletic\ Marks?),
Sponsor agrees that use of Stanford Athletic Marks is non-exclusive, limited and non-transferable. and must be
approved in writing by Stanford Athletics and/or the University?s Director of Business Affairs prior to such use.
Sponsor agrees not to make use of such Marks in any retail promotion outside of the scope of this Agreement
without the approval of the University or its authorized agent and the payment of any required license fee. All right,
title and interest in and to the Stanford Athletics is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Provider.

6. Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the
other party, including its trustees, members, officers, directors, employees, and other agents, harmless from any and
all liability resulting from or related to any claim, complaint and/or judgment for any negligent act or acts of
intentional misconduct by a party to this Agreement (?Indemnifying Party?) or any breach of this Agreement.

7. Miscellaneous.
a. Sponsor and Provider will comply with all federal, state and local laws as well as all rules of the Pac ? 12
Conference and NCAA rules and regulations in connection with their respective performance under this Agreement
to the extent that they are applicable to each party hereto. To that end, Sponsor shall not make use of any student-
athlete?s name, image or likeness (as defined by the NCAA) without advance written approval of Athletics
Department?s Compliance Services Office. Provider hereby indemnifies and holds Sponsor harmless for acting in
accordance with such approval.

b. All notices hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when (a) delivered by hand (with
written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent by facsimile (with written confirmation of receipt) with a copy mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested, (c) when received by the addressee, if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service (receipt requested),) or (d) when received by the address, if sent by e-mail to the
appropriate e-mail address of the address. [Notice to Sponsor shall be as follows]:

c. No Party shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
express prior written consent of the other Parties. In the event that any Party shall cease conducting business in the
normal course, become insolvent, except in the event of a sale of substantially all of Sponsor?s assets, admit in
writing its inability to meet its debts as they mature, make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or is the
subject of a petition in bankruptcy and such petition is not dismissed within sixty (60) days from its filing, then at
the option of the other Party, this Agreement shall terminate immediately and be of no further force and effect.

d. This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire Agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral understandings or agreements with respect

thereto.

e. No amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto.

Stanford Athletics Stanford University
Arrillaga Family Sports Center
Page 3 641 East Campus Drive

Stanford, CA 94305
phone: 650.725-2123, fax: 650.724.4830
