2.26. "Related Parties" shall mean the directors, officers, employees, agents, subcontractors,
contractors, representatives, subsidiaries or affiliates of a receiving party, to the extent such entities or
persons receive Information.

2.27, "Retail Banking Services and Products? shall mean retail banking services and products
offered by banking institutions, including but not limited to check cards, stored-value cards, gift cards,
checking or demand deposit accounts, savings accounts, time deposit accounts, credit cards, trust
accounts, consumer loans, mortgage loans, home. equity loans, and commercial loans. Retail Banking
Services and Products shall not include any closed circuit gift or stored value cards sold by existing
vendors on the Premises, provided those cards.do not carry a competing bank?s marks.

2.28. ?Royalty" or "Royalties" shall mean the collective compensation set forth below in
Section 5.1.

2.29. "University" or ?UCO? shall mean the University of Central Oklahoma.

3. BANKING RELATIONSHIP ELEMENT - AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AND EXCLUSIVITY

3.4, For the Term of this Agreement, MidFirst shall be the exclusive University provider of
Affinity Credit Cards or any other credit card that is offered in combination with the Marks (the ?Affinity
Credit Card Program?). The Affinity Credit Card Program will be offered 'to University Alumni, University
faculty and staff, parents of University students, Broncho athletic fans and other friends or supporters. of
the University.

3.2. In exchange for the exclusive right to. offer the Affinity Credit Card Program, University
will earn the Royalties contemplated in Section 5.1.

4. AFFINITY CREDIT CARDS MARKETING PROGRAM

University grants MidFirst the exclusive right to market, promote, offer and administer the Affinity Credit
Card or any other credit card that is offered in combination with the Marks. With respect to the Affinity
Credit Cards, the Parties agree to the following marketing elements, which may be amended from time-to-
time in. writing by the Parties:

41 MidFirst shall:collaborate with. University on the initial credit card plastic:designs and prior
to making any appearance changes to the approved Affinity Credit Card product. ?Pursuant to MidFirst?'s
agreement with its credit card provider, MidFirst and its credit card provider will be responsible for
establishing and making changes to all other features of the Affinity Credit Card product. To the extent
MidFirst desires to change its credit card provider, MidFirst shall notify University of such change, and
such credit card provider shall be subject to all of the same conditions as contemplated in this Agreement.

4.2 University shall also provide to MidFirst, via-secure FTP, the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff
List. University agrees that the Alumni List and Faculty/Staff List shall contain at least eighty thousand
(80,000) or more names each. time. it is provided to MidFirst. University will provide the Alumni List and
Faculty/Staff List to MidFirst, at a minimum, on a semi-annual basis. University will provide the Alumni
List and Faculty/Staff List within thirty (30) days-of the beginning of the Fall and Spring. semesters. Each
Party agrees to perform-a review of the Alumni List and. Faculty/Staff List against the National Do Not Call
Registry to-ensure that Alumni: and/or Faculty/Staff are not solicited in violation of their.do not solicit or do
not call request.

43 MidFirst agrees that the Alumni Lists and Faculty/Staff Lists shall only be used to market
the Affinity Credit Card Program plus Retail Banking Services and Products, and for no other use or
purpose. Such Alumni Lists and: Faculty/Staff Lists are and shall remain the exclusive property of the

