b. This requirement shall not apply to: Separately, EACH contractor
or subcontractor exempt under A.R.S. ? 23-901, AND when such
contractor or subcontractor executes the appropriate waiver
(Sole Proprietor/Independent Contractor) form.

B. ADDITIONAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS: The insurance policies shall
include, or be endorsed to include, the following provisions:

1. The State of Arizona, its departments, agencies, boards, commissions,
universities and its officers, officials, agents, and employees wherever
additional insured status is required. Such additional insured shall be
covered to the full limits of liability purchased by MidFirst, even if those
limits of liability are in excess of those required by this Agreement.

2 MidFirst's insurance coverage shall be primary insurance with respect to
all other available sources.

3: Coverage provided by MidFirst shall not be limited to the liability
assumed under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement.

G. NOTICE OF CANCELLATION: Each insurance policy required by the insurance
provisions of this Agreement shall provide the required coverage and shall not
be suspended, voided, canceled, or reduced in coverage or in limits except after
thirty (30) days prior written notice has been given to the University. Such notice
shall be sent directly to the University, Purchasing and Business Services, PO
Box 875212, Tempe, Arizona 85287 and shall be sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested.

D VERIFICATION OF COVERAGE: MidFirst shall furnish the University with
certificates of insurance (ACORD form or equivalent approved by the State of
Arizona) as required by this Agreement. The certificates for each insurance
policy are to be signed by a person authorized by that insurer to bind coverage
on its behalf.

All certificates and endorsements are to be received and approved by the
University before work commences. Each insurance policy required by this
Agreement must be in effect at or prior to commencement of work under this
Agreement and remain in effect for the duration of the project. Failure to maintain
the insurance policies as required by this Agreement, or to provide evidence of
renewal, is a material breach of contract.

All certificates required by this Agreement shall be sent directly to Arizona State
University, Purchasing and Business Services, PO Box 875212, Tempe, Arizona
85287. The University project/contract number and project description shall. be
noted on the certificate of insurance. The University reserves the right to require
complete, certified copies of all insurance policies required by this Agreement at
any time.

16.16. INDEMNIFICATION

16.16.1. | MidFirst shall indemnify, defend, save and hold harmless the University, its
departments, agencies, boards, commissions, universities and its officers, officials, agents, and
employees (hereinafter referred to as "Indemnitee") from and against any and all claims, actions,
liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including court costs, attorneys? fees, and costs of claim
processing, investigation and litigation) (hereinafter referred to as Claims") for bodily injury or personal

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 15 of 26

