(a) through Take-One Distributions at athletic facilities or events or distributed
through Athletic Mailings,

(b) to University faculty and staff by telephonic or email communications by virtue
of their status as a University faculty/staff member, without the University?s prior written
consent.

(v) Bank agrees not to market the OU Visa? Credit Card to University Students via in-
person, telephonic, or email communications, without the University?s prior written
consent.

(vi) Except as otherwise expressly limited in this Agreement, Bank has the right to market the
Retail Banking Services and Products to Members through an integrated marketing plan
which includes but is not limited to the following mediums or methods: (a) radio, (b)
television, (c) print advertising, (d) indoor or outdoor signage, (e) light pole advertising, (f)
yard banners, (g) billboards, (h) posters, (i) drive-thru signage, (j) teller information cards
promoting the Retail Banking Services and Products, (k) on-hold messages, (1) online
advertising placements, (m) indirect electronic mail, and (n) the Internet.

@) The University and the Foundation have determined that the Foundation Database constitutes trade
secrets that are private, valuable and confidential. Pursuant to agreements between the Foundation and the
University, the University is required to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of the Foundation
Database. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Foundation acknowledges the University's obligations under
this Agreement and desires to assist the University by permitting certain information from the Foundation
Database to be incorporated in the Mailing Lists pursuant to the terms hereof.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) The University represents to Bank and Bank warrants to the University that as of the Effective
Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) Each is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

(ii) Each has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(iv) No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained
and are in full force and effect.

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such Party.

(b) The University represents to Bank as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this
Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by
this Agreement except as noted throughout, and to provide the Mailing Lists to Bank for the promotion
of the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in the manner provided herein upon
learning of any claims or complaints relating to such license or the use of any Trademarks.

(c) Bank will, subject to applicable law requiring their retention, return Mailing Lists and
materials, to the University or destroy them immediately upon the termination of this Agreement.

6
