leased, or under the control of the University or University Affiliates; in all University residential facilities
(whether managed by the University or another entity); in all University vehicles; and at all University or
University Affiliate-sponsored events and activities, except as provided in ? 12-781o0f the Arizona Revised
Statutes or unless written permission is given by the University Police Department. With respect to all
other persons or entities who are employees, officers, subcontractors, consultants, agents, guests,
invitees, or licensees of MidFirst ("Vendor Parties"), MidFirst must provide notification to those Vendor
Parties that this policy is a condition and requirement of this Agreement. MidFirst further agrees to take
commercially reasonable steps to ensure Vendor Parties comply with this Section.

16.13. BYRD ANTI-LOBBYING AMENDMENT (31 U.S.C. ? 1352). MidFirst shall file a
certification with the University that it or its contractors who apply or bid for an award of $100,000 have
not used Federally-appropriated funds to pay any person or organization for influencing or attempting to
influence an officer or employee of any agency, a member of Congress, officer or employee of Congress,
or an employee of a member of Congress in connection with obtaining any Federal contract, grant, or any
other award covered by 31 U.S.C. ? 1352. MidFirst shall also disclose any lobbying with non-Federal
funds that takes place in connection with obtaining a Federal award.

16.14. DEBARMENT AND SUSPENSION. University shall fully comply with the requirements
stipulated in 2 C.F.R. ? 180. University is responsible for ensuring that any lower tier covered transaction,
as described in Subpart B of 2 C.F.R. ? 180, entitled "Covered Transactions", includes a term or
condition requiring compliance with Subpart C. University also is responsible for further requiring the
inclusion of a similar term or condition in any subsequent lower tier covered transaction. University
acknowledges that failing to disclose the information required under 2 C.F.R. ? 180.335 may result in the
termination of the award, or pursuance of other available remedies, including suspension and debarment.
Recipients may access the Excluded Parties List System at http://epls.arnet.gov.

16.15. INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS. Without limiting any liabilities or any other obligation of
MidFirst, MidFirst shall purchase and maintain (and cause its subcontractors to purchase and maintain),
in a company or companies lawfully authorized to do business in the State of Arizona, and rated at least
A- Vil in the current A.M. Best's, the minimum insurance coverage below.

MidFirst and subcontractors shall procure and maintain until all of their obligations have been
discharged, including any warranty periods under this Agreement, are satisfied, insurance against claims
for injury to persons or damage to property which may arise from or in connection with the performance of
the work hereunder by MidFirst, his agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors.

The insurance requirements herein are minimum requirements for this Agreement and in no way
limit the indemnity covenants contained in this Agreement. The University in no way warrants that the
minimum limits contained herein are sufficient to protect MidFirst from liabilities that might arise out of the
performance of the work by MidFirst, its agents, representatives, employees or subcontractors under this
Agreement and MidFirst is free to purchase additional insurance.

A. MINIMUM SCOPE AND LIMITS OF INSURANCE: MidFirst shall provide
coverage with limits of liability not less than those stated below.

1. Commercial General Liability- Occurrence Form

Insurance policy shall include bodily injury, property damage, personal
injury and broad form contractual liability coverage.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 13 of 26

