personal property taxes, sales taxes or use taxes associated with the transaction(s) contemplated by this
Agreement shall: be the responsibility of the Party assessed or charged.

16. INDEMNITY.

16.1 To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Party (?Indemnitor?) shall. defend,
indemnify and. hold harmless the: other Party (?Indemnitee?), its. directors, officers, agents, employees,
affiliates, successors and assigns from any and all claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, and costs
(including reasonable: attorneys? fees). arising out of any: (i) damage, destruction or loss of any property;
or (ii) injury to or death of any person; which results from or arises out of negligent or willful acts. or
omissions of the. Indemnitor, its officers, agents or employees, in the performance of this Agreement.
Each Party will give the other Party prompt written notice of any claim, suit, action, damage, judgment or
cost coming within the scope of these indemnities. Upon the written request of an indemnitee, the
Indemnitor will assume. the defense. of any claim, demand-or action against the Indemnitee and will permit
the Indemnitee, at the Indemnitee?s expense, to participate in the defense of claim. Settlement by the
Indemnitee without the Indemnitor's prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, will
release the Indemnitor from the indemnity as to the claim, demand or action so settled. Termination of
this Agreement will not affect the continuing obligations of the parties as indemnitors under this
Agreement. ?Each Party shall carry comprehensive general liability insurance policies to cover the
liabilities set forth in this Agreement, in sufficient amounts satisfactory to each Party. The Parties shall,
upon request, provide. each other with insurance certificates showing that proper insurance is in place and
in effect.

17. AGREEMENT.

17.1. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and is the sale expression of the
understanding of the Parties with respect to its subject matter. No prior or contemporaneous agreement
or understanding will be effective. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or waived except in
writing signed by an authorized representative of each Party.

17.2. This Agreement shail be. governed by and subject to the law of the State of Oklahoma
(without regard to its conflicts of law principles). and:shall be.deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Oklahoma.

17-3. No right or interest in this Agreement shall be assigned, or any obligation delegated, by
either Party without the. written permission of the other Party. Any attempted assignment or delegation
shall be wholly void: and totally ineffective for all. purposes unless made in.conformity with this paragraph.

17.4. University and MidFirst agree that those obligations of the Parties, which by their terms
require performance: after termination: or expiration of this Agreement, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

17.5. The paragraph headings contained herein: are: inserted: only for convenience of reference
and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement or as a limitation. of the scope of the
particular paragraphs to which they refer.

17.6. If any provision of this Agreement is finally adjudicated illegal, invalid, im excess of the
authority of either Party hereto, or otherwise unenforceable, then: such provision shall be severed, and the
remainder of this Agreement shall remain in force as if such adjudicated provision were never included in
this Agreement. in :the event any provision of this Agreement is deemed: non-binding, then the Parties
agree to negotiate and agree. upon a new binding provision, which most closely resembles: the Parties?
original intent, to replace the non-binding provision. The newly negotiated, binding provision together with
the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement shall have full force and effect.

17.7. Each Party shall execute and deliver, at any time and from time to time upon the request
of the other Party, such further instruments, papers or documents.as may be necessary or appropriate to

9

