(xii) any products or services, including Retail Banking Services and Products, made available
to University employees through the OU Credit Union as a result of their employment
relationship with the University; provided, however, no access to the Mailing List is granted, or

(xiii) _ licensing of Trademarks, which in limited situations may be part of separate joint marks
that include the marks of other institutions or entities (Examples include the Big 12 logo, NCAA
event logos, the Red River Rivalry logo, the Bedlam logo, bowl game logos, and possibly others
either athletic or non-athletic in nature) in which instances other financial institutions may be part
of sponsorships of events or activities that use these joint marks, provided that any reference to
another financial institution as part of such sponsorship or activities cannot be effectuated inside
Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium.

(e) Except to the extent otherwise limited herein, the University grants Bank the right to solicit
Members by mail, email, direct promotion, advertisements and/or telephone for participation in the
Program. ,

() The University shall have the right of prior approval, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
of Advertising Materials.

(g) The University will provide Bank with the Mailing List thirty (30) days prior to the Effective
Date of this Agreement. Further, at any time during the term of the Agreement and upon any reasonable
request of the Bank, the University agrees to provide Bank the Mailing List within thirty (30) days
following the request of Bank. The parties acknowledge that the Bank intends to direct the University to
provide the Mailing List to an agent of the Bank which will utilize the Mailing List to mail the Advertising
Materials to the Members; in such event, the Bank shall require such agent to fully comply with the terms
of this Retail Banking Services Affiliate Agreement.

(h) The University hereby grants Bank and its subsidiaries and affiliates a limited, exclusive license
to use the Trademarks solely in combination with the Program under this Retail Banking Services Affiliate
Agreement, including the promotion thereof. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this
Agreement and shall apply to the Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization or individual. Subject
to Section 10(c), upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, such license shall also terminate and
Bank shall remove all Trademarks from its materials, products and services within a commercially
reasonable period of time and as mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The University shall provide Bank
all Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program, as soon as
possible but no later than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date. Subject to Section 2(d), nothing
stated in this Agreement prohibits the University from granting to other persons a license to use the
Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except to the extent such
right would conflict with this Agreement. Bank agrees to enter a nonexclusive license agreement with the
Collegiate Licensing Company with respect to the use of Trademarks, where necessary. Any other
commercial use of Trademarks or use of Trademarks on products shall require a separate license which
may be satisfied by the license of a licensed vendor/provider as part of the purchase of licensed products
(e.g. checks, blankets, hats, etc.).

(?)) To the best of the University's knowledge, as of the Effective Date, there are no prior agreements that will
conflict with this Agreement. Provided, further, if prior agreements are found to conflict materially with the rights
granted herein, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith a mutually agreeable resolution.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop and administer the Retail Banking Services and Products for the Members.
(b) Bank shall design all Advertising Materials with regard to the Program. As stated in Section 2(f),

the University shall have the right of prior approval, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, of
Advertising Materials.
