18.4. University and MidFirst agree that those obligations of the Parties, which by their terms
require performance after termination or expiration of this Agreement, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

18.5. The Proposal Certifications signed by MidFirst and submitted with MidFirst's response to
the University's Request for Proposal #281105 are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. In the
event of discrepancy between this Agreement and the Proposal, this Agreement shall take precedence.

18.6. The paragraph headings contained herein are inserted only for convenience of reference
and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement or as a limitation of the scope of the
particular paragraphs to which they refer.

18.7. If any provision of this Agreement is finally adjudicated illegal, invalid, in excess of the
authority of either Party hereto, or otherwise unenforceable, then such provision shall be severed, and the
remainder of this Agreement shall remain in force as if such adjudicated provision were never included in
this Agreement. In the event any provision of this Agreement is deemed non-binding, then the Parties
agree to negotiate and agree upon a new binding provision, which most closely resembles the Parties?
original intent, to replace the non-binding provision. The newly negotiated, binding provision together with
the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement shall have full force and effect.

18.8. Each Party shall execute and deliver, at any time and from time to time upon the request
of the other Party, such further instruments, papers or documents as may be necessary or appropriate to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, to implement or perfect any transfers, and to take
such other action as the other Party may reasonably request to effectuate the purposes of this
Agreement.

18.9. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
an original and all of which shall be one (1) document binding on all the Parties even though each of the
Parties may have signed different counterparts. Electronic/facsimile signatures on this Agreement shall
be deemed to be originals for all purposes; however, Parties will endeavor to provide original ink
signatures upon request.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 18 of 26

