AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

This AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT (this ?Agreement?) is entered into between the
University. of Central Oklahoma, a constitutional: state university (?University?), having its principal place
of business located at 100 North University Drive, Edmond, Oklahoma 73034, and MidFirst Bank, a
federally chartered savings association ("MidFirst?), with its principal place. of business located: at 501
NW Grand Boulevard, Oklahoma City, OK 73118. As noted in Paragraph 1 below, this Agreement has an
Effective Date of January 1, 2013.

RECITALS

A. University and MidFirst (collectively, the "Parties", and individually, a ?Party") have
previously entered into a Strategic Banking Relationship Master Agreement dated January 1, 2013, as
amended, with an. effective date of of January 1, 2013 (the ?Master Agreement?).

B. Pursuant to the Master Agreement, as amended, the Parties agreed to document their
agreements with respect to. the Affinity Credit Card, as defined below. This Agreement constitutes the
Parties? agreements with respect to the Affinity Credit. Card.

AGREEMENT TERMS

NOW, THEREFORE, FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, including the
incentive-based royalties described herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth. herein, intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree
as follows:

1. TERM

This Agreement will begin on: January 1, 2013 ("Effective Date") and shall expire on June 30, 2023.
?Notwithstanding. the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement shail
terminate concurrently with the expiration or earlier termination of the Master Agreement, and any
renewais of the:Master Agreement shall apply to this Agreement.

2. DEFINITIONS

The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for all purposes under this Agreement:
2.1, "Account" shallimean any Affinity Credit Card: Account.
2.2. ?Active Account? shall mean any open Affinity Credit Card Account.

2.3. ?Advertising. Materials? shall mean all MidFirst-created marketing, advertising, and
solicitation materials which contain the University's Marks.

2.4. ?Affinity Credit Card? shall mean the co-branded Visa ? credit card offered by MidFirst
that features the University's Marks.

2.5. ?Affinity Credit:?Card Account" shall mean those. Affinity Credit Card applications that were
approved for credit and subsequently resulted in the opening of an account for which Affinity Credit Cards
are issued.

2.6. ?Affinity Credit Card Account Royalties" shall mean those royalties described in Section
5.1.1.1.

