16.2. ANTI-KICKBACK. In compliance with FAR 52.203-7, the University has in place and
follows procedures designed to prevent and detect violations of the Anti-Kickback Act of 1986 in its
operations and direct business relationships.

16.3. GRATUITIES. The University may, by written notice to MidFirst, cancel this Agreement if
it is found by the University that gratuities, in the form of entertainment, gifts or otherwise, were offered or
given by MidFirst, or any agent or representative of MidFirst, to any officer or employee of the State of
Arizona with a view toward securing a contract or securing favorable treatment with respect to the
awarding or amending, or the making of any determinations with respect to the performing of such
contract. In the event this Agreement is canceled by University pursuant to this provision, the University
shall be entitled, in addition to any other rights and remedies, to recover or withhold the amount of the
cost incurred by MidFirst in providing such gratuities.

16.4. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY CLAUSE. The Provisions of Section 202 of Executive Order
11246, 41 C.F.R. ? 60-1.4, 41 C.F.R. ? 60-250.4 and 41 C.F.R. ? 60-741.4 are incorporated herein by
reference and shall be applicable to this Agreement unless this Agreement is exempted under the rules,
regulations or orders of the Secretary of Labor.

16.5. NO WAIVER. No waiver by either Party of any breach of the provisions of this
Agreement by the other Party shall in any way be construed to be a waiver of any future breach or bar the
either Party's right to insist on strict performance of the provisions of this Agreement.

16.6. LABOR DISPUTES. MidFirst shall give prompt notice to the University of any actual or
potential labor dispute which delays or may delay performance under this Agreement.

16.7. CONTRACT CLAIMS AND CONTROVERSIES. All contract claims and controversies
arising under this Agreement shall be resolved pursuant to the ABOR procurement procedures, Section
3-809, in particular Section 3-809C.

16.8. ASSIGNMENT OF ANTI-TRUST OVERCHARGE CLAIMS. The Parties recognize that
in actual economic practice overcharges resulting from anti-trust violations are in fact borne by the
ultimate purchaser.

16.9. INSPECTION AND AUDIT. All books, accounts, reports, files, security procedures and
other records relating to this Agreement shall be subject at all reasonable times to inspection and audit by
the ABOR, Arizona State University or the Auditor General of the State of Arizona, their agents or
MidFirst's auditors or regulators for five (5) years after completion of this Agreement. Such records shall
be produced at Arizona State University, MidFirst's Arizona corporate headquarters (located at 3030 E.
Camelback Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85016) or such other reasonable location as designated by the
appropriate Party, upon reasonable notice to the other Party.

16.10. OFFSHORE PERFORMANCE OF WORK PROHIBITED. Due to security and identity
protection concerns, direct services under this Agreement shall be performed within the borders of the
United States. Any services that are described in the specifications or scope of work that directly serve
Arizona State University and may involve access to secure or sensitive data or personal client data or
development or modification of software for the University shall be performed within the borders of the
United States. Unless specifically stated otherwise in the specifications, this definition does not apply to
indirect or "overhead" services, redundant back-up services or services that are incidental to the
performance of this Agreement. This provision applies to work performed by subcontractors at all tiers.

16.11. NON-DISCRIMINATION. MidFirst shall comply with all applicable state and federal
statutes and regulations governing Equal Employment Opportunity, Non-Discrimination, and Immigration.

16.12. UNIVERSITY WEAPONS POLICY. The University prohibits the use, possession,
display, or storage of any weapon, explosive device, or fireworks: on all land and buildings owned,

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 12 of 26

