injury (including death), or loss or damage to tangible or intangible property caused, or alleged to be
caused, in whole or in part, by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of MidFirst or any of its owners,
officers, directors, agents, employees or subcontractors. This indemnity includes any claim or amount
arising out of or recovered under the Workers? Compensation Law or arising out of the failure of such
contractor to conform to any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court decree.
In addition, this indemnity includes any claim or loss caused or alleged to be caused by the negligent or
willful acts or omissions of FNBO and its owners, officers, directors, agents, employees, affiliates or
subcontractors (a) relating to the License Supplement No. 3 to Partnership Marketing Agreement
between FNBO and MidFirst (the "Supplement") or FNBO's exercise of its rights under the Supplement,
or (b) arising from the use of, or otherwise relating to the University's Marks. It is the specific intention of
the Parties that the Indemnitee shall, in all instances, except for Claims arising solely from the negligent
or willful acts or omissions of the Indemnitee, be indemnified by MidFirst from and against any and all
claims. It is agreed that MidFirst will be responsible for primary loss investigation, defense and judgment
costs where this indemnification is applicable.

16.16.2. To the extent permitted by applicable law, University shall defend, indemnify
and hold harmless MidFirst, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns
from any and all claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, and costs (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) arising out of any: (i) damage, destruction or loss of any property (including but limited to MidFirst's
property); or (ii) injury to or death of any person (including but not limited to any employee of MidFirst);
which results from or arises out of negligent or willful acts or omissions of University, its officers, agents or
employees, in the performance of this Agreement.

16.16.3. Each Party will give the other Party prompt written notice of any claim, suit,
action, damage, judgment or cost coming within the scope of these indemnities. Upon the written request
of an indemnitee, the indemnitor will assume the defense of any claim, demand or action against the
indemnitee and will permit the indemnitee, at the indemnitee's expense, to participate in the defense of
claim. Settlement by the indemnitee without the indemnitor's prior written consent, which will not be
unreasonably withheld, will release the indemnitor from the indemnity as to the claim, demand or action
so settled. Termination of this Agreement will not affect the continuing obligations of the parties as
indemnitors under this Agreement.

16.17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. No Party shall have any liability for any incidental, special,
or consequential damages including, without limitation, loss of profit or business opportunities, whether or
not the Party was advised of the possibility of such; provided, however, that this limitation of liability will
not apply to any claim arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Party, its directors,
officers, employees, agents or subcontractors, any claim arising from breach of the confidentiality
provisions of this agreement.

16.18. THE ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ADDENDUM. University and MidFirst mutually agree to comply with the requirements of the Gramm
Leach Bliley Act ("GLB") dealing with the confidentiality of customer information and the Safeguarding
Rule. If any conflict exists between the terms of the original Agreement and the Addendum, as attached
hereto as Exhibit B, the terms of the Addendum shall govern.

16.19. STUDENT RECORDS. The University and MidFirst recognize that student educational
records are protected by the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C.
1232g). FERPA permits disclosure of student record information to "other school officials" who have a
legitimate educational interest in the information. The federal Family Compliance Office has recognized
that institutions can designate other entities, including vendors and consultants, as "other school officials?.
Designated representatives of MidFirst will be designated as "other school officials" for purposes of this
Agreement. No designated representative of MidFirst shall disclose information it receives under this
Agreement to any third party, except with the consent of the student or as required by law. Any
disclosures made by MidFirst should comply with the University's definition of legitimate educational
purpose. If any designated representative discloses or misuses any educational record, the University

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 16 of 26

