2.6. ?Affinity Credit Card Account? shall mean those Affinity Credit Card applications that were
approved for credit and subsequently resulted in the opening of an account for which Affinity Credit Cards
are issued.

2.7. "Affinity Credit Card Account Royalties" shall mean those royalties described in Section
6.1.2.1.

2.8. "Affinity Credit Card Program" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

2.9. "Affinity Credit Card Program Incentive-Based Royalties" shall mean collectively the
royalties paid on the Affinity Credit Cards, as set forth in Section 6.1.2.

2.10. "Affinity Credit Card Transaction Royalties" shall mean those royalties described in
Section 6.1.2.2.

2.11. "Agreement" shall mean collectively this Agreement, together with any exhibits, addenda
or attachments to this Agreement, and any subsequent written amendments hereto executed by
University and MidFirst.

2.12. "Alumni" shall mean any person who has earned a degree from the University.

2.13. ?Alumni List? shall mean the complete and accurate list of all University Alumni.
2.14, "Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee" shall have the meaning set forth below in Section
6.1.1.

2.15. "Bank Customer? shall mean any University Alumni, faculty or staff, University student,
parent of a University student, Sun Devil Athletic fan or other friend or supporter of the University who has
entered into a banking relationship with MidFirst to provide or engage in Retail Banking Services and
Products as part of the Affinity Credit Card Program as well as any person who has entered into a
banking relationship with MidFirst outside of the Affinity Credit Card Program.

2.16. "Bank Customer Information" shall mean any non-public, non-published information
regarding current or potential Bank Customers.

2.17. "Banking Centers" shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 4.6.
2.18. "Claims" shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 16.16.1.

2.19. "Constituents" shall mean those individuals or entities attending an event at the Wells
Fargo Arena.

2.20. ?Consumer Credit Card Interchange Revenue? shall mean the net amount of interchange
fee income earned on net purchase transactions as defined by Visa U.S.A. Inc. and MasterCard
International, as applicable (the "Associations"). The interchange will not include any rebates,
incentives, or other rewards provided to MidFirst Bank by the Associations.

2.21. "Credit Card Rewards Program? shall have the meaning set forth below in Section 4.9.
2.22. "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth above in Section 1.

2.23. "Exception" shall mean the Wells Fargo naming and marketing rights within the Wells
Fargo Arena.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 2 of 26

