by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the- enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity.

8.1.5. No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is. required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as
have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

8.1.6. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party. will
not constitute:a violation of any taw, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such Party.

8.2. The University represents to MidFirst as of the date hereof and throughout the Term of.
this Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Marks to MidFirst for use as contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent permitted by law, the University shall defend, indemnify and? hold harmless
MidFirst, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns from any and all
claims, suits, actions, damages, judgments, and: costs (including attorneys? fees), arising from the Mark
license granted herein or from ?MidFirst's use of the Marks in reliance thereon. Each Party shall promptly
notify the other Party in the. manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or-complaints relating to
such license or the use of any ?Marks,

9. CONFIDENTIALITY

9.1. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and any contract negotiations, proposal,
letter of intent, financial information, and/or proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party
to the. other Party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent.to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by
such other Party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement, as required. by
operation of law, or as. mutually agreed in writing. The Parties mutually agree to comply with the
requirements of the Gramm Leach Bliley Act dealing with the confidentiality of Bank Customer Information
and the safeguarding rule.

9.2. ?MidFirst and the University shall be permitted to disclose such Information (a) to their
accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees or permitted! vendors as necessary
for the performance of their respective: duties, provided that said persons.agree to treat the Information as
confidential and (b) as required: by law-or requested by any governmental regulatory authority.

9.3. The Parties acknowledge that the University is a state agency and is subject to the
Oklahoma Open Records Act (51 O.S. ?24A.1, et seq.) and all confidentiality agreements, including this
Section, are subject to its restrictions. The University shall provide MidFirst with reasonable -notice
regarding any Oklahoma Open Records Act requests relating to this: Agreernent.

9.4. The University will not have access to any Bank Custorner Information regarding the
Affinity Credit Card Program. If, at any time, the University should request access to Bank Customer
Information, the Parties will agree in a separate written agreement to the terms of confidentiality, usage,
security. and destruction of information.

10. SECURITY

10.1. Each Party shall be responsible. for the security of all its own property and of personal
property under its custody and: control on Premises (including the personal property of the Parties?
employees and. agents), and for.any repairs to or replacement or compensation for such property which
may arise out of any theft, loss or damage; provided that, each Party shall be responsible for any theft,
loss or damage to the other's property or the personal property of its employees and agents caused by
the negligence or misconduct of its employees or agents.

