will take appropriate action against the designated representative that is similar to action University would
take against one of its employees who disclosed or misused the educational records of its students.

16.20. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS. The relationship of the parties is that of
independent contractors, and no tenancy, partnership, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or other
relationship is created. Neither Party may order any goods nor services, incur any indebtedness, or enter
into any obligation or commitment on the other Party's behalf.

17, NOTICES
All notices, requests, and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be

deemed to have been duly given when received if sent by recognized overnight courier or first class mail,
postage prepaid, to the following address, or such other address as the parties may specify by notice:

To University: To MidFirst:

Associate VP University Business Services Garland Wilkinson

Arizona State University Senior Executive VP/Chief Operating Officer

PO Box 877505 MidFirst Bank

Tempe AZ 85287-7505 501NW Grand Blvd.
Oklahoma City OK 73118

With copy to: With copy to:

Executive Director Purchasing & Business David M. Morgan

Services General Counsel

Arizona State University MidFirst Bank

PO Box 875121 501NW Grand Blvd.

Tempe AZ 85287-5212 Oklahoma City, OK 73118

Or to such other addresses as may be specified from time to time in a written notice given by a Party in
accordance with this Section. The Parties agree to acknowledge in writing the receipt of any written
notice, report, request, or other communication under this Section that is delivered in person.

18. AGREEMENT

18.1. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and is the sole expression of the
understanding of the Parties with respect to its subject matter. No prior or contemporaneous agreement
or understanding will be effective with exception of the Addenda to this Agreement. This Agreement may
not be modified, amended, or waived except in writing signed by an authorized representative of each
Party.

18.2. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, and enforced according to the laws of
the State of Arizona, and all claims and disputes not subject to ABOR Policy 3-809 shall be brought to
court in the State of Arizona in the Superior Court of Maricopa County. The Parties hereby agree that
venue is proper in those courts, hereby consent to such venue in and personal jurisdiction over them by
those courts, and hereby waive all objections to such venue and to the courts? personal jurisdiction over
them.

18.3. No right or interest in this Agreement shall be assigned, or any obligation delegated, by
MidFirst without the written permission of the University. Any attempted assignment or delegation by
MidFirst shall be wholly void and totally ineffective for all purposes unless made in conformity with this
paragraph.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 17 of 26

