10.2

10.3

10.4

ALUMNI

ASSOCIATIO

such breach is not cured within the specified time period. To the extent the
breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, the breaching Party shall,
upon notice to the non-breaching Party, have up to ninety (90) days
following written notice from breaching Party to cure the breach. Written
notice of termination must be within ninety (90) days of the expiration of
the cure period.

If either MidFirst or OSUAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed
its assets; it is unable to meet or it has ceased paying is obligations as they
generally become due; it is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or
is subject to any insolvency proceeding; it makes an assignment for the
benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation then the other Party may immediately terminate this
Agreement.

Without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of this Agreement, upon
termination of this Agreement, no refunds shall be made to either Party for
those sums paid and earned prior to the termination. However, each Party
shall be released from the payment of any sum owed to another Party that
was not earned prior to termination or the performance of any obligation
for which payment has not been made by one Party and received by the
other Party prior to termination. All amounts incurred or earned prior to the
termination date are due and payable as of the termination date.

Upon termination of this Agreement, MidFirst will provide, at its cost,
notification to then current Credit card holders regarding the termination
of the relationship with OSUAA. Such notice shall be jointly developed by
OSUAA and MidFirst and shall be communicated once before the effective
date of termination and once in the actual month of termination. At least
one (1) of the two (2) notices sent shall be a standalone communication.

Tl. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS

1.1

MidFirst and OSUAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each
other and neither Party shall have power to obligate or bind the other in
any manner except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.

12. FORCE MAJEURE

12.1

Neither Party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in the
performance of or failure to perform any of its obligations herein if such
delay or failure is caused by strikes or other labor disputes, acts of God or
the public enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or military
authorities, compliance with the governmental laws, rules, regulations,

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
