14. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT

11.1. In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by MidFirst or the University, the
other Party may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice with an opportunity to
cure, as provided herein, to the breaching Party. The notice shall: (i) describe the material breach; and
(ii) state the non-breaching Party's intention to terminate this Agreement if such breach is not cured within
the specified time period. To the extent the breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, the breaching
Party shall, upon notice to the non-breaching Party, have up to ninety (90) days following written notice
from breaching Party to cure the breach. Written notice of termination must be within ninety (90) days of
the expiration of the cure period.

11.2. If either MidFirst or the University becomes. insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its
assets; it is unable to: meet or it has ceased. paying its obligations as they generally become due; it is
adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding; it makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the
other Party may immediately terminate. this Agreement.

11.3. Without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of this Agreement, upon termination of
this Agreement, no refunds: shall be made to either Party for those sums paid and earned prior to the
termination. However, each Party shall ?be released from the payment of any sum owed to another Party
that was not earned prior to termination or the performance of any obligation for which payment has not
been made by one Party and received by the.other Party prior to:the termination. All amounts incurred or
earned prior to the termination date are due and. payable as.of the termination date.

11.4. Upon termination of this Agreement, MidFirst will provide; at its cost, a notification to
credit cardholders regarding, the termination of the relationship with the University. Such notice shall be
jointly developed by the University and MidFirst and shall be communicated once before the effective
date of termination and onc? in the actual month of termination. At least one (1) of the two (2). notices
sent shall be.a standalone communication.

12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.

12.1 MidFirst and University are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and
neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

13. FORCE MAJEURE.

13.1 Neither Party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in. the performance of or
failure to perform: any of its obligations herein if such delay or failure is caused by strikes or other labor
disputes, acts of God or the public enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or military authorities,
compliance with governmental laws, rules, regulations, delays in transit or delivery, or any event beyond
its reasonable control or without its fault or negligence. Provided, however, if the University?s ability to
perform its obligations hereunder is delayed or eliminated by. such an event, the Parties shail negotiate in
good faith a mutually acceptable method of University performance.

14. NO WAIVER.

14.1 No waiver by either Party of any breach of the provisions of this Agreement by the other
Party shall in any way be construed to be a waiver of any future breach or bar either Party's right to insist
on strict performance of the provisions. of this Agreement.
15. TAXES.

15.1 Any and. all assessment, tax, or imposts of any nature including, without limitation, real or

8

