() Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for Retail Banking Services and Products.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Bank
Customer's account(s) independently of the University.

(e) Bank shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement consistently with the provisions of
this Agreement, and consistently with Sections 3(i) and 3(j) below, and shall not permit those entities handling the
Mailing Lists to use them for any purpose other than the Program. Bank shall have the sole right to designate
Members on the Mailing Lists to whom promotional material will not be sent and will respect the wishes of those
individuals who have specifically requested that they not be contacted. The Mailing Lists are and shall remain the
sole property of the University or the Foundation as applicable. However, Bank may maintain separately all
information which it obtains as a result of an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's own
files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided, however, that Bank will not use this separate information
in a manner that would imply an endorsement by the University or the Foundation. Bank warrants that neither it nor
those entities handling the Mailing Lists shall attempt to sell, license, transfer or otherwise provide the Mailing Lists
to third parties. Provided, further, Bank acknowledges that the University and the Foundation have determined the
Mailing Lists constitute protected trade secrets of the University and the Foundation.

( The Bank, the University and the Foundation shall make best efforts to meet regularly to discuss
and plan the promotion, operation, monitoring, evaluation, and management of the Program and to have
individuals in attendance with decision-making authority.

(g) Bank shall indemnify, defend and hold the University, the University Affiliates, and their respective
regents, trustees, officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless of any claim, loss, demand, cause of action or
judgment based on Bank's, or its agents?, acts or omissions under or relating in any way to this Agreement, and shall
reimburse the indemnified parties for any costs or attorney's fees incurred by the indemnified parties as a result of
Bank's, or its agents?, negligent acts or omissions. Bank shall ensure that a substantially identical indemnification
clause in favor of the indemnified parties is contained in all third party agreements or subcontracts Bank executes
with respect to this Agreement.

(h) Bank shall indemnify, defend and hold the Foundation and its respective trustees, officers, directors,
employees, and agents harmless of any claim, loss, demand, cause of action or judgment based on Bank's, or its
agents?, acts or omissions under or relating in any way to the use, pursuant to this Agreement, of that portion of
the Mailing List derived from the Foundation Database, and shall reimburse the Foundation for any costs or
attomney?s fees incurred by the Foundation as a result of Bank's, or its agents?, acts or omissions. Bank shall ensure
that a substantially identical indemnification clause in favor of the Foundation is contained in all third party
agreements or subcontracts Bank executes with respect to this Agreement.

(i) Bank will use best efforts to schedule direct mail messages and electronic mailings (as described
below) and other contact in a way and in conformance with Sections 2(e) and 2(f) above to prevent over-
saturation of the targeted Members. Bank will:

(i) Limit direct mail or electronic mailings to any portion of the Mailing List to no more than
one (1) mailing per calendar quarter or total of four (4) annually. This limitation does not
apply to direct mail that could unknowingly be sent to a Member of the Mailing List as
part of Bank's normal direct mail campaigns. Bank will exercise its best efforts to avoid
duplicate mailings, where feasible.

(ii) Limit duplicate direct mail messaging to no more than two (2) times per calendar year

(iii) Provide targeted parameters, including but not limited to, geographic location, household
income, existing Bank Customers, home owner status, for each direct mail effort so as to
only contact Members with a likelihood of selecting the marketed Retail Banking Services
and Products.

(iv) Bank agrees not to solicit:
