will notify MidFirst if this link changes. In an effort to diminish information security threats, MidFirst will (or
will require the third party host appointee to):

11.1. Complete security reviews in accordance with University policies located at the link
shown above, as the same may be amended from time to time, which reviews are subject to review and
approval by University. At the present time, no more than two (2) reviews per year are required. In the
event University policy requires an audit status report (such as a SAS70 or other equivalent audit
documentation applicable to MidFirst), MidFirst and University shall mutually agree who shall pay for fees
associated with such audit and/or review.

11.2. Perform periodic scans, including penetration tests for unauthorized applications,
services, code and system vulnerabilities on the delegated services network and systems at regular
intervals in accordance with University policies and standards. Weaknesses must be corrected within a
specified period of time as defined in University policies and standards as amended from time to time.

11.3. Use secure development and coding standards, including secure change management
procedures in accordance with applicable University policies and standards, as provided to MidFirst in
advance and as the same may be amended from time to time. MidFirst will provide a summary of its
annual testing results.

11.4. Carry out updates and patch management in a timely manner and to the satisfaction of
University. Updates and patch management must be deployed using an auditable process that can be
reviewed by University upon request.

11.5. Control access to University's resources, including sensitive data, limiting access to
legitimate business need based on an individual's job-related assignment. Access should be approved
and tracked by the system owner to ensure proper usage and accountability and shall be subject to
review by University upon request.

11.6. Report, upon discovery, information security incidents affecting University information
including, but not limited to those that involve information disclosure incidents, network intrusions,
successful virus attacks, unauthorized access or modifications, and threats and vulnerabilities.

12. SECURITY

12.1. Each Party shall be responsible for the security of all its own property and of personal
property under its custody and control on Premises (including the personal property of the Parties?
employees and agents), and for any repairs to or replacement or compensation for such property which
may arise out of any theft, loss or damage; provided that, each Party shall be responsible for any theft,
loss or damage to the other's property or the personal property of its employees and agents caused by
the negligence or misconduct of its employees or agents.

13. CORRECTION OF ERRORS, DEFECTS, AND OMISSIONS

Each Party agrees to promptly correct any errors, defects, and omissions that may arise in connection
with the Affinity Credit Card Program under this Agreement without undue delays and without cost to the
other Party, provided that such correction, errors, defects, or omissions are within that Party's control.
The acceptance of the work by either Party set forth herein shall not relieve either Party of the
responsibility of subsequent correction of any such errors, defects, or omissions.

14, TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT
14.1. University may terminate this Agreement on the occurrence of any of the following

events: (a) MidFirst becomes insolvent, dissolves or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
files or has filed against it any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding, or becomes unable, or admits in

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 10 of 26

