writing its inability, to meets its obligations; (b) the cancellation, suspension or other revocation of
licenses, permits or authorization necessary for MidFirst to conduct its business in accordance with this
Agreement; (c) MidFirst makes any materially false or misleading statement, representation, or claim to
the University that causes material damage to University or the Affinity Credit Card Program; (d) MidFirst
breaches any material term or condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30)
days following written notice from the University to MidFirst of such breach. To the extent the breach
cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, MidFirst shall, on notice to University, have up to ninety (90) days
following written notice from the University to cure the breach. Written notice of termination must be
within ninety (90) days of the expiration of the cure period.

14.2. MidFirst may terminate this Agreement on the occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) University becomes insolvent, dissolves or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, files or
has filed against it any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding, or becomes unable, or admits in writing
its inability, to meets its obligations; (b) University makes any materially false or misleading statement,
representation, or claim to MidFirst that causes material damage; (c) any material portion of or MidFirst's
obligations under the Affinity Credit Card Program become illegal or unlawful due to a change in law; or
(d) University breaches any material term or condition of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach
within thirty (30) days following written notice from MidFirst to the University of such breach. To the
extent the breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, University shall, on notice to MidFirst, have up
to ninety (90) days following written notice from the University to cure the breach. Written notice of
termination must be within ninety (90) days of the expiration of the cure period.

14.3. University may terminate this Agreement on the occurrence of any default by MidFirst
under the Master Agreement that is not cured within any applicable cure period specified therein.

14.4. Without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of this Agreement, on termination of
this Agreement, no refunds shall be made to either Party for those sums paid and earned prior to the
termination. However, each Party shall be released from the payment of any sum owed to another Party
that was not earned prior to termination or the performance of any obligation for which payment has not
been made by one Party and received by the other Party prior to the termination. All amounts incurred or
earned prior to the termination date are due and payable as of the termination date.

14.5. Upon termination of this Agreement, MidFirst will provide, at its cost, a notification to
credit cardholders regarding the termination of the relationship with the University. Such notice shall be
jointly developed by the University and MidFirst and shall be communicated once before the effective
date of termination and once in the actual month of termination. At least one (1) of the two (2) notices
sent shall be a standalone communication.

18. DEPARTURE OF ANY UNIVERSITY CAMPUS FROM THE PREMISES

If any of the University campuses are removed or shut down from the Premises, the University agrees to
provide MidFirst with a pro-rata reduction in the Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee due to the change in
potential customer population. The reduction in the Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee shall adjusted by
the percentage of reduction in the student population. By way of example, if the University shuts down its
Polytechnic campus in 2013 and the student population reduces by twenty percent (20%), then MidFirst
will reduce the Annual Minimum Royalty Guarantee for all future years by Seven Thousand and no/100
Dollars ($7,000.00).

16. UNIVERSITY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

16.1. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither Party shall be held responsible for any losses resulting if the
fulfillment of any terms or provisions of this Agreement are delayed or prevented by any cause not within
the control of the Party whose performance is interfered with, and which by the exercise of reasonable
diligence, said Party is unable to prevent.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 11 of 26

