16.1

16.2

16.3

16.4

16.5

16.6

16.7

16.8

ALUMNI

ASSOCIATIO

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and is the sole expression
of the understanding of the Parties with respect to its subject matter. No
prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding will be effective.
This agreement may not be modified, amended, or waived except in
writing signed by an authorized representative of each Party.

This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the law of the State of
Oklahoma (without regard to its conflicts of law principles) and shall be
deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Oklahoma.

No right or interest in this Agreement shall be assigned, or any obligation
delegated, by either Party without written permission of the other Party.
Any attempted assignment or delegation shall be wholly void and totally
ineffective for all purposes unless made in conformity with this paragraph.
OSUAA and MidFirst agree that those obligations of the Parties, which by
their terms require performance after termination or expiration of this
Agreement, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
The paragraph headings contained herein are inserted only for convenience
of reference and are in no way to be construed as part of this Agreement or
as a limitation of the scope of the particular paragraphs to which they refer.
If any provision of this Agreement is finally adjudicated illegal, invalid, in
excess of the authority of either Party hereto, or to otherwise
unenforceable, then such provision shall be severed, and the remainder of
this Agreement shall remain in force as if such adjudicated provision were
never included in this Agreement. In the event any provision of this
Agreement is deemed non-binding, then the Parties agree to negotiate and
agree upon a new binding provision, which most closely resembles the
Parties original intent, to replace the non-binding provision. The newly
negotiated, binding provision together with the remaining terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall have full force and effect.

Each Party shall execute and deliver, at any time and from time to time
upon the request of the other Party, such further instruments, papers,
documents as may be necessary or appropriate to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, to implement or perfect any transfers,
and to take such other action as the other Party may reasonably request to
effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original and all of which shall be one (1) document
binding on all the Parties even though each of the Parties may have signed
counterparts. Electronic/facsimile signatures on this Agreement shall be
deemed to be original for all purposes; however, Parties will endeavor to
provide original ink signatures upon request.

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
