660 Parrington Oval
Suite 213
Norman, Oklahoma 73019

ATTENTION: Anil Gollahalli
Vice President and General Counsel

Fax #: (405) 325-7681
(2) If to Bank:

MidFirst Bank
501 NW Grand Boulevard
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73118

ATTENTION: Randy Sparks
General Counsel

Fax #: (405) 767-7311

Any Party may change the address to which communications are to be sent by giving notice, as provided
herein, of such change of address.

(f) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the matters covered
herein. Without the prior written consent of the other Party which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
neither Party may assign any of its rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement.

(g) Bank and the University are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither
Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

(h) Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or
give any person other than the University and Bank, their successors and assigns, any rights or remedies
under or by reason of this Agreement.

(i) Neither Party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in the performance of or failure to
perform any of its obligations herein if such delay or failure is caused by strikes or other labor disputes, acts
of God or the public enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or military authorities, compliance with
governmental laws, rules, regulations, delays in transit or delivery, or any event beyond its reasonable
control or without its fault or negligence. Provided, however, if the University's ability to perform its
obligations hereunder is delayed or eliminated by such an event, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a
mutually acceptable method of University performance.

Gj) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Transmitted signatures sent
by facsimile or electronic mail as a pdf or file image shall have the same force and effect as an original
signed agreement. No party to the Agreement will raise the use of a facsimile machine or other electronic
means to deliver a signature as a defense to the formation or enforceability of this Agreement and each party
waives any such defense.

(k) The Foundation shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement only with respect to those
provisions that relate to use of that portion of the Mailing Lists derived from the Foundation Database.

(D University shall provide Bank with reasonable notice regarding any Oklahoma Open Records Act
requests relating to this Agreement.

9
