79

7.10

ALUMNI

ASSOCIATION

or its employees or agents, OSUAA shall take commercially reasonable
efforts to recreate such lost data or records.

OSUAA shall abide by all federal, state, and local laws applicable to its
operation.

Notwithstanding Sections 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3 or any other provision in the
Agreement to the contrary, OSUAA, OSU and their Related Parties retain all
rights (in coordination with MidFirst) to market, promote, offer and
administer the Affinity Credit Card offered in combination with the Marks.
The parties will work together in coordination for such marketing,
promotions and offers. MidFirst shall have the right of prior approval, not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, for any such marketing, promotions
and offers distributed by OSUAA, OSU and their Related Parties.

8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1

8.1.1
8.1.2

8.1.3

8.1.4

81:5

8.1.6

8.2

OSUAA and MidFirst each represents and warrants to the other that as of
the Effective Date and throughout the Term of this Agreement:
It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.
IT has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
It will comply with federal, state and local laws, rules, and regulations
applicable to the terms and obligations of this Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of
equity.
No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are in full
force and effect.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such
Party will not constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court
order or ruling applicable to such Party.
OSUAA represents to MidFirst as of the date hereof and throughout the
Term of this Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Marks
exclusively to MidFirst for use as contemplated by the Agreement. To the
extent permitted by the law, OSUAA shall defend, indemnify and hold
harmless MidFirst, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates,
successors and assigns form any and all claims, suits, actions, damages,

OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

201 ConocoPhillips OSU Alumni Center, Stillwater, OK 74078-7043 | 405.744.5368 | ORANGECONNECTION.org
