APPLICATION

It is our intent that all contractors providing services to the University make reasonable efforts to
implement and adhere to the principles articulated above. The University will formally incorporate these
principles in procurement solicitations and the evaluation process for any service contract where:

. The University estimates that the contractor will employ at least ten (10) service workers whose
principal place of work will be at an University campus, and
? The term of the agreement is one year or more.

MANDATORY PROVISIONS

MidFirst shall be required to adhere to the following Mandatory Provisions as a matter of contract:
Nondiscrimination and Affirmative Action:

MidFirst shall employ individuals on the basis of their ability to do the work required MidFirst shall not
subject any person to discrimination in employment, including hiring, salary, benefits, advancement,
discipline, termination, or retirement, on the basis of any class protected by law. MidFirst shall be an
equal employment opportunity employer and during the performance of any contract or agreement with
the University shall comply, if applicable, with Federal Executive Order 11246, as amended and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. Equal employment opportunity includes but is not limited to:
recruitment, hiring, promotion, termination, compensation, benefits and transfers.

Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining:

MidFirst shall recognize and respect the rights of employees protected by the National Labor Relations
Act, as amended; or such other labor relations law as may be applicable.

Immigration Law:
MidFirst shall comply with all applicable state and federal immigration laws.
Labor Standards: Wages, Hours, Leaves, and Child Labor:

MidFirst shall recognize and respect the legal rights of employees concerning minimum and prevailing
wages, wage payments, and maximum hours and overtime; legally mandated family, childbirth, and
medical leaves and return to work thereafter; and limitations on child labor; including, if applicable, the
rights set forth in the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the Federal Davis-Bacon Act, the Federal Family
and Medical Leave Act, and any state laws defining such labor standards.

Health and Safety:

MidFirst shall provide a safe and healthful working environment to prevent accidents and injury to health
arising out of, linked with, or occurring in the course of work or resulting from-the operation of the
University's facilities. During the performance of any Agreement, all products, services, use of
equipment, working conditions, employee training or licensing requirements, and activities performed by
MidFirst or MidFirst's subcontractors shall be in full compliance, if applicable, with the Federal
Occupational Safety and Health Act, and all other applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations,
and ordinances, including but not limited to the environmental safety and health requirements set forth in
29 Code of Federal Regulations, 40 CFR, and 49 CFR.

Forced Labor:

MidFirst shall not use, or purchase supplies or materials that are produced by using any illegal form of
forced labor.

#12-009691 (7/1/13 FINAL) Page 21 of 26

