"Member" means.(i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of Alumni Association; (iii)
friends, faculty and staff of the University, (iv) fans, ticket holders, donors and contributors of
any University athletic team or athletic department, (v) athletic booster club members, and/or
(vi) other potential participants mutually agreed to by Alumni Association and Credit Union.

"Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

"Premium Reward Enhancement" means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Credit Union and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may
be marketed under a name (e.g., My Illinois Rewards?), as determined by Credit Union from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

"Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which Alumni Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

"Program" means those programs and financial services, and the promotion thereof, that the
Credit Union and Alumni Association agree that Credit Union may offer to Members pursuant to
this Agreement from time to time.

"Program Trademarks" means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either party (including its
Affiliates) during the term of this Agreement and used to promote or identify products or
services offered by Credit Union through the Program. Program Trademarks may but need not
necessarily consist of Licensed Trademarks, with or without other elements.

"Qualifying GIP Account" means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium
Reward GIP Account which remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is
utilized by the Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account's,
Reward GIP Account's or Premium Reward GIP Account's opening for at least one (1) purchase
or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

"Reward Account" means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

"Reward Enhancement" means a reward enhancement as provided through Credit Union and
offered as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g.,
Alumni Points), as determined by Credit Union from time to time, in its sole discretion.

"Reward GIP Account" means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni
Association complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

"Royalties" means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.
"Trademarks" means any trademark, design, image, visual representation (including any font),

logo, collective membership mark, or service mark, trade name, trade dress, owned by or
Licensed to the, Alumni Association prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

Page 3 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
