"Credit Card Account" or ?Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened
pursuant to the Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device,
instrument or method or other Financial Service Product account opened by a Customer under
the Program.

"Credit Card Services" shall mean unsecured credit extended by the Credit Union to
Customers that Customers may access through presentation to a merchant or other payee of the
Customers? credit account information that is embedded on a plastic card, mobile phone, or other
payment device; provided that Credit Card Services shall not include any card used to make an
electronic withdrawal from the holders? funds on deposit at a financial institution, or any non-
credit cards, including but not limited to debit cards, gift cards, stored value cards, ATM cards,
per diem cards, or any other cards associated with a depository account, pre-paid funds, or
checking account,

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Credit Union agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

"Customer" means any Member who is a participant in the Program.
?Effective Date? means January 1, 2018.

"Eligible Royalties" means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
Agreement.

"Financial Service Product" means any credit card program, charge card program, gift card
program, debit card program, installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of any such
product.

"GIP Account" means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni
Association complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

"Group Incentive Program" or "GIP" means any credit card marketing or program whereby
Alumni Association conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under
the Program, and the parties mutually agree in writing that such marketing or other program shall
constitute a GIP.

"Information" has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Licensed Trademarks? means the Trademarks set forth on Schedule B that are licensed to
Credit Union for use in connection with the Program on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

"Marketing List" means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Credit Union)
containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available,)
and e-mail addresses of all Members segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected
membership characteristics.

Page 2 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
