(h)

@

Q@)

a)

acquire or hold licensing rights for. This license or sublicense will remain in
effect for the duration of this Agreement plus any period defined in Section 11(d)
and will apply to the Licensed Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such
Licensed Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. Alumni Association will
provide Credit Union all Licensed Trademark production materials (e.g., camera
ready art, acceptable digital files) required by Credit Union for the Program as
soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this
Agreement, Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Alumni Association from
granting to other persons a license to use the Trademarks in conjunction with the
providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products.

All Program Trademarks, except Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
the Licensed Trademarks, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Credit Union, and Credit Union may use such Program Trademarks
in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). Alumni Association may not
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or
services offered by Credit Union through the Program. Alumni Association shall
not register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Credit Union shall not
register or attempt to register any Licensed Trademarks. Credit Union may use
Program Trademarks that contain Licensed Trademarks to promote or identify the
Program and any products or services offered by Credit Union through the
Program at no cost to Credit Union during the term of this Agreement, Alumni
Association authorizes Credit Union to refer to the Program as The Official Credit
Card of the University of Maryland or The Official VISA of the University of
Maryland.

Alumni Association will, at no cost to the Credit Union, include a link from
Alumni Association?s website to the Credit Unions website and provide a
dedicated landing page.

Alumni Association shall provide a promotional block with a hyper-link in
Alumni Association electronic newsletters for placement by Credit Union of an
advertisement of the program at no additional cost to the Credit Union.

Alumni Association shall provide for and execute annually, for purposes of
program solicitation and at no additional cost to the Credit Union, six (6) email
messages to the full University alumni population and two (2) email messages
following graduation of each of the three (3) graduating classes. Alumni
Association shall also provide annually a minimum of six (6) email messages to
segmented alumni lists as mutually agreed upon by Alumni Association and
Credit Union, All email messages provided for herein or otherwise agreed upon
will contain content approved by both Alumni Association and Credit Union and
shall include an ?opt out? option for the recipient.

Page 7 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
