(g)

identified as a customer of Credit Union, or offered any terms or incentives that
differ from those offered to all Members.

Credit Union will pay Alumni Association royalty payments pursuant to Schedule
A section(c) during the twelve (12) month defined wind down period.

12. GROUP MARKETING

(a)

(b)

()

@)

?)

@

Alumni Association will design and produce, at its expense; all marketing
material for any Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or
indirectly, by Alumni Association, including, but not limited to, any GIP
("Alumni Association Marketing Effort"). Alumni Association will give Credit
Union sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any Alumni Association
Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by Alumni Association as instructed
by Credit Union for tracking purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any
GIP will entitle Alumni Association to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Credit Union will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be
used in any Alumni Association Marketing Effort. Credit Union has control over,
in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any Alumni
Association Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, Alumni Association
shall immediately discontinue any or all Alumni Association Marketing Efforts
upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Credit Union
requesting such discontinuance. Alumni Association will not deviate from the
approved materials and plan for any Alumni Association Marketing Effort
without the prior written approval of Credit Union.

All costs incurred by Credit Union in producing and mailing materials created
pursuant to any Alumni Association Marketing Effort or of supporting any
Alumni Association Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by Alumni
Association upon demand,

Alumni Association will comply with all applicable laws, including, without
limitation, The Credit CARD Act of 2009, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth
and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any
Alumni Association Marketing Effort.

Alumni Association will advertise all the products offered under the Program on
Alumni Association's home page, account profile pages and such other prominent
locations within the internet site(s) of Alumni Association as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at Alumni Association's expense. Credit Union may
establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an
application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement,
to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any

Page 14 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
