@

?

(g)

Alumni Association will have the right of prior approval of all Program
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or relating to the Program to be
used by Credit Union, Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, except that the Credit Union may use Alumni Association?s name on
monthly statements and other correspondence from Credit Union to a Customer
relating to the Customer?s account without prior approval from Alumni
Association. If Credit Union incurs a cost because of a change in the Trademarks
at the request of the Alumni Association (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit
cards), Credit Union may deduct such costs from any Royalties due Alumni
Association. If such costs exceed Royalties then due Alumni Association, if
requested by Credit Union, Alumni Association will promptly reimburse Credit
Union for all such costs,

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Credit
Union, Alumni Association will provide Credit Union with the Marketing List
free of any charge; provided, however, that Alumni Association will not include
in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who has expressly requested that Alumni Association not provide his/her personal
information to third parties. If Credit Union incurs a cost because of a charge
assessed by Alumni Association or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an
update to the Marketing List, Credit Union may deduct such costs from Royalties
due Alumni Association. Alumni Association will provide the first Marketing
List, containing the required information for at least three hundred sixty-one
thousand (361,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later
than thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this Agreement.

Alumni Association will, and will cause any Alumni Association Affiliates to,
only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Credit Union's prior written approval, except
for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Credit Union to
Alumni Association. Notwithstanding the above, Alumni Association may
respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an
individual basis, if said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Credit Union to Alumni Association, Any
correspondence received by Alumni Association that is intended for Credit Union
(e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the
Credit Union account executive via secure email, fax, or overnight courier within
twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by Alumni Association will be paid by Credit Union.

Alumni Association hereby grants Credit Union and its Affiliates a limited,
exclusive license or sublicense, as applicable, to use the Licensed Trademarks and
any variations thereof displayed on Schedule B with the Program. Credit Union
may transfer such license or sublicense to its assignee as provided in this
Agreement subject to prior written notice of such assignment to the Alumni
Association. Alumni Association shall amend Schedule B from time to time to
add any Trademarks that Alumni Association may from time to time in the future

Page 6 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL

