?Cardholder Information? means any information pertaining to Cardholders, excluding information pertaining to or
related to authorized users.

?Claims? means any and all proceedings, actions, claims, allegations, suits, damages, losses, costs, charges, fines, expenses
or any liabilities of any nature, kind, and description whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys? fees, court costs and
expenses and the cost of enforcing an indemnity provision, which shall be reimbursed as incurred).

?Compensation? means fees paid by CANVAS to CSU pursuant to this Agreement.

?Confidential Information? means any information which the Discloser supplies to Recipient or makes available to
Recipient for the purposes of this Agreement and which should reasonably be considered to be confidential or proprietary
information of Discloser.

?Consumer Account? means an Account for a natural person for personal, family or household purposes.

?Discloser? means the party disclosing Confidential Information.

?CANVAS Generated Account? means a new Consumer Account or new Small Business Alumni and Friends Account
that is originated primarily through expenses paid by CANVAS and subsequently Activated.

?CANVAS Proprietary Rights? means: (a) Cardholder Information; (b) the information on the CANVAS Website
excluding any CSU Proprietary Rights; (c) any domain names CANVAS registers for CANVAS?s use on the world wide
web; (d) CANVAS Marks; (e) the name of CANVAS; (f) any and all information, ideas, concepts, artwork, graphics and
other proprietary rights of CANVAS used on the CANVAS Website; (g) Marketing Materials; and (h) all materials related
to Accounts and the Program in any form or medium including terms, conditions, card, Alumni and Friends agreements,
agreements, servicing materials, disclosures, notices, Cardholder correspondence, statements, rewards program materials,
ancillary product materials, and any other Program materials.

?CANVAS Website? means the applicable portions of CANVAS?s relevant website located on the internet at a domain
registered, owned and maintained by CANVAS.

?Indemnified Party? means the party receiving indemnification from the Indemnifying Party under the terms of this
Agreement.

?Indemnifying Party? means the party providing indemnification to the Indemnified Party under the terms of this
Agreement.

?Initial Term? means the three-year period commencing with the Effective Date.

?Interchange Income? means the amount of interchange on net purchase transactions as determined by the applicable
Network, net of any cash rebate, point redemption and accrual for point accumulation. The interchange income will not
include any rebates, incentives, or other rewards provided to CANVAS by the Networks. The interchange rate(s) utilized
to determine the amount of Interchange Income associated with the Accounts will be an actual or blended average Network
rate as utilized and determined by CANVAS in the normal course of business, as amended from time to time.

?CSU Employee? means each of CSU?s employees that interact with Cardholders or perform any actions under the Program
including, but not limited to, distribution of CANVAS created Program materials designed to promote the overall Program
or referring questions or inquiries from Cardholders, Card applicants or potential applicants to the appropriate resource
designated by CANVAS for this purpose.

?Marketing Materials? means all advertising, promotional, marketing and solicitation materials in any form or medium
associated with the solicitation of new Accounts.

?CSU Generated Account? means a new Consumer Account or Small Business Alumni and Friends Account that is
originated and subsequently Activated primarily through either (a) expenses paid by CSU; or (b) those Accounts obtained
from channels other than Direct Mail.

?CSU Marks? means the Marks of CSU.

?CSU Proprietary Rights? means (a) Alumni and Friends Lists; (b) the information on the CSU Website excluding any
CANVAS Proprietary Rights; (c) any domain names CSU registers for CSU?s use on the world wide web; (d) CSU Marks;
(e) the name of CSU; and (f) any and all information, ideas, concepts, artwork, graphics, applications and other proprietary
rights of CSU used on the CSU Website.

?CSU Website? means the applicable portions of CSU?s relevant website located on the internet at domains registered,
owned, and maintained by CSU.

?Marks? means trademarks, service marks, trade names, names, logos, copyrights and other proprietary materials and
information.

?Network? means American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., DFS Financial Services LLC, MasterCard
International, Inc. or VISA U.S.A., Inc., as applicable.

?Net Purchase Volume? means the aggregate amount of purchase transactions posted to applicable Accounts, net of all
refunds and credits (such as credits for returned merchandise or disputed billing items) and excluding (a) those amounts and
transactions representing annual fees, finance charges, and other fees or charges posted to Accounts (such fees include, but
