this Section 7, the defendant agrees that the petitioner need not prove that its injury is
irreparable, or that it does not have an adequate remedy at law. In the event a court issues
a preliminary injunction against a party for violation of its duties under this Section 7, the
party against whom the injunction is issued waives any requirement that the petitioner
post a security bond. Any party who discloses Information to its Agents shall be liable
for any breach of this Section 7 by their Agents.

INDEMNIFICATION/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(a) By Credit Union:

Credit Union hereby defends, indemnifies, and holds harmless the Alumni Association,
and its respective officers, directors. trustees, managers, employees, agents and assigns
(the ?Alumni Association Indemnified Parties?) from any and all losses, damages,
judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys? fees and
litigation expenses, arising from any allegations asserted by a third party, including any
governmental agency or officer, (a ?Claim?) that are proven to be true, and constitute a
breach by the Credit Union of its duties, obligations, representations or warranties set
forth in this Agreement or any Schedule thereto. In the event of any Claim, an Alumni
Association Indemnified Party shall provide the Credit Union with prompt written notice
of the Claim, and a copy of any complaint, petition, or other written documents setting
forth the Claim. The Alumni Association Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with the
Credit Union on reasonable terms and conditions in the defense or settlement of any
Claim. The Credit Union shall have the right and duty to engage legal counsel to defend
or settle any Claim; provided that the Alumni Association Indemnified Parties shall have
the right to engage at their expense separate legal counsel to monitor the defense or
settlement of any Claim. The Credit Union shall have the right to settle or compromise
any Claim, provided Alumni Association shall have the right to approve any settlement or
compromise that reduces the rights or benefits of Alumni Association or Alumni
Association Indemnified Parties under this Agreement, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. Credit Union?s cumulative liability for
any loss or damage, direct or indirect, for any cause whatsoever (including, but not
limited to those arising out of or related to this Agreement) with respect to Claims
defined herein, shall not under any circumstances exceed the amount of the revenue
earned by Credit Union pursuant to this Agreement for the immediately preceding year.

(b) By Alumni Association:

Alumni Association hereby defends, indemnifies, and holds harmless the Credit Union,
and its respective officers, directors, trustees, managers, employees, agents and assigns
(the ?Credit Union Indemnified Parties?) from any and all losses, damages, judgments,
penalties, fines, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees and litigation
expenses, arising from any allegations asserted by a third party (a ?Claim?) that are
proven to be true, and constitute a breach by Alumni Association of its duties.
obligations, representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement or any Schedule

Page 11 of 24
