thereto. In the event of any Claim, a Credit Union Indemnified Party shall provide
Alumni Association with prompt written notice of the Claim, and a copy of any
complaint, petition, or other written documents setting forth the Claim. The Credit Union
Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with Alumni Association on reasonable terms and
conditions in the defense or settlement of any Claim. Alumni Association shall have the
right and duty to engage legal counsel to defend or settle any Claim; provided that the
Credit Union Indemnified Parties shall have the right to engage at their expense separate
legal counsel to monitor the defense or settlement of any Claim. Alumni Association
shall have the right to settle or compromise any Claim, provided that the Credit Union
Indemnified Parties shall have the right to approve any settlement or compromise that
reduces the rights or benefits of the Credit Union Indemnified Parties under this
Agreement, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

8. TERM

The initial term of this Agreement will be for ten (10 years, beginning on the Effective
Date and ending on December 31, 2030.

9. GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Illinois,
without regard to conflicts of laws principles. Claims against the Alumni Association
shall be filed in the Court of Claims.

10. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Credit Union or Alumni
Association, and the unabated continuance of default for sixty (60) days after
delivery of written notice by the non-breaching party (the ?Cure Period?), the
non-breaching party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement by delivery of
written notice of termination to the breaching party. A notice of default must
include a description of the alleged material breach.

(b) If either Credit Union or Alumni Association becomes insolvent in that its
liabilities exceed its assets or it is unable to meet or it has ceased paying its
obligations as they generally become due, or it is adjudicated insolvent, or takes
advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment
for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation, then the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Credit Union shall,
except as set forth in Section 11(d) herein, cease to use the Trademarks for
Program marketing purposes, although Credit Union may conclude all
solicitations required by law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, Credit Union will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists.

Page 12 of 24
