a result of actions which lie in tort or could lie in tort in excess of the liabilities allowable under the Colorado Governmental
Immunity Act, C.R.S. 24-10-101 et seq., as a pledge of the full faith and credit the State of Colorado, or as the assumption
by any of the parties of a debt, contract or liability of each other in violation of Article XI, Section | of the Constitution of
Colorado. CSU is liable for breach of contract in the same manner as any private party would be under Colorado law under
the same or similar circumstances.

9.3 Notice. If a party receives notice of any third-party Claim for which indemnification or defense may be required
under this Agreement, such party shall promptly give written notice to the other party; provided, however, that the failure
to provide or a delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligation to indemnify except
to the extent the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure or delay. Upon request, the Indemnified Party
shall reasonably cooperate with and assist the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in the defense of any Claim and any
reasonable direct costs and expenses associated with such cooperation or assistance shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party.

9.4 Procedure. The Indemnifying Party shall pay for and have the right to assume and control the defense of any third-
party Claim and shall reasonably defend such Claim with diligence. In the event of an assumption of the defense by the
Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall continue to have the right to employ its own counsel, at its expense. The
Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to settle or compromise any Claim that does not include a full and unconditional
release of the Indemnified Party or that imposes obligations on the Indemnified Party except after (a) having fully disclosed
to the Indemnified Party the proposed terms and conditions of such settlement or compromise; and (b) having obtained the
Indemnified Party?s prior written consent thereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

9.5 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH DAMAGES ARISE FROM A PARTY?S BREACH
OF SECTION 2.10 (b), SECTION 7 OR SECTION 11.4, OR ARE A PART OF A PARTY?S INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

SECTION 10: AUDITING, MONITORING AND COMPLIANCE

10.1 Audit, Monitoring and Training. (a) Upon request of a party and at least ten calendar days? notice and subject to
Section 3.6, Applicable Laws, third party contractual limitations and each party?s policies and procedures, the other party
shall supply the requesting party (including its internal audit staff and external auditors, regulators and other representatives)
with reasonable access during normal business hours to its facilities, applicable information and personnel, complete self-
audit questionnaires and shall cooperate with the other party in the conduct of reasonable audits, assessments, inspections
and monitoring in order to verify performance by the audited party with its obligations and representations contained within
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the extent to which such party is complying with its obligations to keep
Confidential Information private and secure in the manner required by this Agreement, Applicable Law and Network Rules.
The auditing party shall be responsible for its own expenses incurred in connection with such audit activity. Audit results
shall be considered Confidential Information. (b) CSU acknowledges and agrees that CANVAS must monitor the activity
of CSU and its CSU Employees and agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to monitor its CSU Employees in order
to ensure that all such employees are complying with this Agreement and Applicable Law in the exercise and performance
of CSU?s rights, duties, responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. Upon request by CANVAS CSU will provide
CANVAS with its policies, procedures and internal controls associated with the Program, the results of monitoring of its
CSU Employees, and any corrective action as a result of such monitoring. (c) CSU agrees to perform its duties under this
Agreement and the Program pursuant to the requirements, instructions, training and documentation regarding Applicable
Law and as may be directed by CANVAS as to the Program, Cards and Accounts. CSU shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that each CSU Employee periodically receives training on all Applicable Law and any CANVAS required
training applicable to CSU?s duties and responsibilities under the Program and will ensure that CSU Employees are made
aware of the applicable CSU responsibilities with respect to the Program.

10.2 Applicable Law and Network Rules. (a) CANVAS and CSU agree to perform their respective duties and
obligations under this Agreement and the Program in accordance with Applicable Law and Network Rules. CSU agrees not
to engage in any unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices in the course of its provision of products or performance of
services and duties under the Program and this Agreement; (b) In addition to, and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, neither party shall offer any tangible item to any college student in order to induce such student to apply for a
credit card: (1) on the campus of an institution of higher education; (2) near the campus of an institution of higher education;
or (3) at an event sponsored by or related to an institution of higher education. If in CANVAS?s assessment, CSU qualifies
as an institution of higher education or an affiliated organization, CANVAS will submit to the Bureau of Consumer Financial
Protection an annual report containing information as required in 15 U.S.C. ? 1637. If CSU qualifies as an institution of

