locations within the internet site(s) of Alumni Association as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at Alumni Association's expense. Credit Union may
establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an
application site) or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement,
to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card, Debit Card, or Financial Services Product Accounts generated
pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle Alumni Association
to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. Alumni Association will modify or remove such
advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Credit Union's requests. To
enable Credit Union to view all Program material, Alumni Association will
provide Credit Union with the ability to access any and all pages within the
Alumni Association internet site(s), including without limitation any "members
only" or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a)

(b)

(?)

(d)

(?)

(f)

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 11(d) will survive the expiration or any earlier
termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be
deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be
construed as part of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction,
such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of this Agreement
which will survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had
not been contained herein and the parties hereto shall immediately commence
negotiations in good faith to reform this Agreement to make alternative provisions
herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in a
manner that does not run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

Any notice, request, demand, instruction or other communication to be given to any
party hereunder. shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to be received, whether
actually received or not, upon (a) personal delivery by courier (including overnight
delivery service such as FedEx), (b) confirmed facsimile or email (provided a copy
thereof is sent by an overnight delivery service or by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or (c) on the day of deposit of the original
in a regularly maintained official depository of the United States Mail located in
the continental United States, and sent by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

Page 15 of 24
