higher education, CSU may have reporting and public disclosure requirements which shall remain the sole responsibility of
the CSU. The terms ?college student?, ?institution of higher education? and ?affiliated organization? in this Section 10.4
shall have the same meaning, respectively, as those terms are defined and used in the Truth In Lending Act, 15 U.S.C. ?
1650 et seq., as amended by the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, 15 U.S.C. ? 1601
et seq.

10.3 Suspension of Duties. In its sole discretion, and upon written notice to CSU, CANVAS may suspend, discontinue,
or terminate specific responsibilities of CSU under this Agreement that involve interaction with applicants, Cardholders, or
prospective Cardholders.

10.4 Regulatory Authority. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any governmental authority with jurisdiction
over a party may examine the other party with respect to such party?s duties and responsibilities under this Agreement and
the Program.

10.5 Litigation, Inquiry or Complaint. CSU shall notify CANVAS upon receiving notice of litigation, regulatory
inquiry or complaint with respect to the Program, CANVAS, Accounts, Cards, applications, Marketing Materials or any
duties performed by CSU Employees pursuant to this Agreement. A scanned copy of such document received by CSU shall
accompany each notice and be sent by secure email transmission to CANVAS within 72 hours of receipt by CSU. CSU
agrees to cooperate with CANVAS to the extent necessary for CANVAS to adequately respond to such litigation, inquiry,
or complaint.

SECTION 11: MISCELLANEOUS

11.1 Independent Contractors. The parties intend for their relationship to be that of independent contractors and,
except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, neither party is an agent, employee, or joint venturer with the
other party and neither party has the power or authority to bind the other.

11.2 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of CANVAS and CSU
and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is for the sole and exclusive benefit of CANVAS and CSU and
their respective permitted successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant to any other Person
any right, remedy, or Claim under or in respect of this Agreement.

11.3 Amendment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, this Agreement may be amended only in a writing signed
by both parties that specifically refers to this Agreement.

11.4 Assignment and Subcontracting. (a) Neither this Agreement, nor any rights hereunder, may be assigned by either
of the parties without the prior written consent of the other party and such consent may be conditioned upon the assignee?s
written acknowledgment that assignee is bound by the terms and conditions contained herein. An attempted assignment by
a party without the prior written consent of the other party is a material breach of this Agreement. (b) CANVAS may
subcontract duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Program (e.g. printing of Cardholder statements, etc.). CSU
covenants, represents, and warrants that during the Term CSU will not use Subcontractors in connection with this Program
or to fulfill any duties or obligations under this Agreement. If CSU uses any Subcontractor in any capacity for any reason
in connection with this Program or to fulfill its duties and obligations under this Agreement, it shall be deemed a material
breach of this Agreement.

11.5 Complete Agreement. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings, and
agreements, oral or written, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. The waiver by any party of any term,
covenant or condition herein is not a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition on any subsequent breach of the same or
any other term, covenant or condition herein. Any provision of this Agreement which is found to be invalid or void shall in
no way affect, impair or invalidate any other provision of this Agreement and such other provisions remain in full force and
effect. This Agreement may not be presumptively interpreted for or against either party by reason of that party having
drafted or negotiated, or failed to draft or negotiate, all or any portion of this Agreement.

11.6 Governing Law & Venue. This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Colorado and
the United States of America but does not include any conflict of law rule that might direct or refer determination of any
such matter to the laws of any other jurisdiction. If, for any reason, any dispute hereunder becomes the subject of litigation,
venue for such litigation shall be exclusive in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction in Larimer County, Colorado
or Denver County, Colorado and the parties waive, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection that
they may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in such jurisdiction. EACH PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY
AND EFFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

