(g)

(h)

(i)

1. Ifto Alumni Association:

The University of Illinois Alumni Association
Attn: Ms. Jennifer Dillavou, President

Alice Campbell Alumni Center

601 S LincoIn Avenue

Urbana, IL 61801

2. If to Credit Union:

University of Illinois Community Credit Union
Attn: Mr. Chris Harlan, President/CEO

2201 S First St

Champaign, IL 61820

3. Any party may change their notice address by delivery of written notice of
such change of address to the other party.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written
or oral, with respect to the matters covered herein. This Agreement does not and
is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement
between the parties that survives termination of that agreement. Without the prior
written consent of Credit Union, which will not be unreasonably withheld,
Alumni Association may not assign any of its rights or obligations under or
arising from this Agreement. Credit Union may not assign any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any other person or entity without the prior
written consent of the Alumni Association, which will not be unreasonably
withheld, except that Credit Union may assign its rights and obligations under this
Agreement without consent of Alumni Association to any wholly owned entity of
Credit Union. Credit Union may utilize the services of any third party in
fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products
or services under this Agreement may be offered through Credit Union's affiliates
or business partners.

Credit Union and Alumni Association are not agents, representatives, or
employees of each other and neither party will have the power to obligate or bind
the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement.

Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or will be construed
to confer upon or give any person other than Alumni Association and Credit
Union, their successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of
this Agreement.

Page 16 of 24
