Lists to Credit Union for the promotion of the Program. Alumni Association
further represents and warrants to Credit Union as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement that there is no entity or organization
(including the University or any organization associated with the University)
authorized to use, license or sublicense the Licensed Trademarks in connection
with any Credit Card Services, Financial Services Products or which has or shall
be granted access and authorization to use the Marketing List in connection with
any Credit Card Services. Alumni Association shall not sponsor or endorse any
products or services of any financial institution other than the Credit Union, that
are the same as Credit Card Services, as defined in this Agreement, or grant or
allow use of the Licensed Trademarks or the Marketing Lists in the promotion of
products or services of any financial institution that are the same as Credit Card
Services or Financial Services Products as defined in this Agreement. Alumni
Association hereby indemnifies, defends and holds harmless Credit Union, its
directors, officers, agents, employees, Affiliates, successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims, including reasonable attorneys'
fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith, arising from or suffered due
to Alumni Association?s breach of the representations and warranties stated herein
and the Credit Union?s use of the Licensed Trademarks or Marketing List(s) in
reliance thereon for the Program. Each party will promptly notify the other party
upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any
Licensed Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

Credit Union?s obligations set forth in this Agreement are expressly conditioned
upon Credit Union receiving and maintaining requisite regulatory approval for
expanded field of membership which encompasses Member(s) as defined herein
as eligible for Credit Union membership. If Credit Union fails to obtain or
maintain regulatory approval, Credit Union may terminate this Agreement
without damages or further Royalty obligation to Alumni Association.

5. ROYALTIES

(a)

(b)

During the term of this Agreement, Credit Union will pay Royalties to Alumni
Association. Royalties will not be paid until Alumni Association completes and
delivers a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form
(e.g., W-8) to Credit Union. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A,
payment of Royalties due (along with the delivery of Credit Union?s Royalty
report) will be due within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar
quarter. Alumni Association acknowledges and agrees that it shall be solely
responsible for payment of any and all consideration or compensation as may
become due to or required by any other person or entity. including without
limitation, University in connection with this Agreement or the Program. The
parties to this Agreement acknowledge that Royalties shall be deemed earned
when paid.

If at any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any card network's
interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with

Page 9 of 24
