LICENSE AGREEMENT

The UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, RENO FOUNDATION , a Nevada nonprofit corporation
(UNRE?) for the benefit of the Nevada Alumni Association, and SIERRA PACIFIC FEDERAL

CREDIT UNION (?SPFCU?), a federally-chartered, non-profit financial corporation conducting business
in Reno, Nevada, enter into this LICENSE AGREEMENT as of the Effective Date stated below.

RECITALS
A. UNRF has agreed to grant SPFCU a right and license to use UNIVERSITY OF
NEVADA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION (UNAA) trade names, trademarks and service marks in
connection with an affinity credit card program sponsored by SPFCU to be marketed to UNAA
members, potential UNAA members, and alumni of the University of Nevada.
B. The parties desire to set forth their respective rights and obligations in this

Agreement.

AGREEMENT
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises and conditions contained in this
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby

acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

a ?Alumni? means former students or graduates of the University.

b. ?Agreement? means this License Agreement.

c. ?Credit Card? or ?Credit Cards? means one or more VISA-brand affinity credit
cards issued by SPFCU as part of the Program.

d. ?Effective Date? meansCiNG@__[, 201 3
e. ?Licensed Use? or ?Licensed Uses? means use of the UNAA Marks in connection

with Marketing, on and in Marketing Materials, for display on Credit Cards and otherwise in
connection with the Program.

f. ?Mailing List? means data (in electronic form) from UNAA?s current database of
UNAA Members, potential Members, Alumni and other individuals, as the same is updated from
time to time. The Mailing List will not include students when they are then enrolled at the
University, or individuals who have requested not to receive solicitations.

g. ?Marketing? or ?Market? and capitalized words of similar import, mean
marketing, advertising, promotional and solicitation activities or efforts undertaken with regard
to the Program and/or the Credit Cards, regardless of the media used for the same (e.g., print,
direct mail, radio, digital, website, email, social media).

h. ?Marketing Materials? means all marketing, advertising and promotional
information, materials, brochures or displays, developed by SPFCU, or on its behalf, relating in
any way to the Program and/or the Credit Cards, including without limitation all signs,
advertising, publicity releases, invitations, announcements, targeted mailings, solicitations,
promotions, pamphlets, leaflets, brochures, ?take-ones,? presentations, posters, T-shirts,
promotional items, electronic and/or digital communications and website use.

i. ?Member? means a member of UNAA.

je ?Program? means the affinity credit card program undertaken by SPFCU,
establishment of the Credits Cards and the marketing, advertising and promotion of the Program
pursuant to this Agreement. The Program will mirror SPFCU?s non-affinity Visa credit card

