with the other party?s prior written approval. SPFCU understands that UNRF and the University
may have responsibilities under Freedom of Information Acts (FOIA) existing or in the future
and the UNRF may provide Confidential Information to other persons or entities upon receipt of

a FOIA request.

11. Legal Compliance. SPFCU and UNRF each will comply with all applicable federal, state
and local statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations and requirements, including without limitation:
(a) nondiscrimination laws; (b) banking Jaws and regulations; and (c) regulations of any other
federal and/or state agency with competent jurisdiction; in each case as it relates to the Program

or the Credit Cards.

12. Financial Responsibilities. Each party will, except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, perform all of its obligations under this Agreement at its sole expense.

13. Default.

a. SPFCU Default. SPFCU will be in default of this Agreement (?SPFCU
Default?) if and when SPFCU materially fails to observe and perform any covenant,
condition, agreement or obligation on SPFCU? s part to be observed or performed pursuant
to this Agreement, and such failure continues for a period of 30 calendar days after written
notice to cure has been delivered to SPFCU by UNRF that specifies such default and
requests that such default be remedied (??SPFCU Cure Period?), provided however, if the
default stated in the notice cannot be corrected within the SPFCU Cure Period after diligent
effort by SPFCU, the SPFCU Cure Period shall be extended for as long as SPFCU diligently
pursues correction of the default, however, in no event shall the extension be more than 60
calendar days.

b. UNRE Default. UNRF will be in default of this Agreement (?UNRF Default?)
if and when UNRF materially fails to observe and perform any covenant, condition,
agreement or obligation on UNRF?s part to be observed or performed pursuant to this
Agreement, and such failure continues for a period of 30 calendar days after written notice
to cure has been delivered to UNRF by SPFCU that specifies such default and requests that
such default be remedied (?UNRF Cure Period?), provided however, if the default stated in
the notice cannot be corrected within the UNRF Cure Period after diligent effort by UNRF,
the UNRF Cure Period shall be extended for as long as UNRF diligently pursues correction
of the default, however, in no event shall the extension be more than 60 calendar days.

14. Termination. This Agreement will terminate: (a) upon expiration of the Term; (b)
upon mutual written consent of the parties; (c) at UNRF?s option with notice to SPFCU,
upon SPFCU?s failure to timely cure a SPFCU Default, or (d) at SPFCU?s option with
notice to UNRF, upon UNRF?s failure to timely cure a UNRF default. Upon the effective
date of the termination of this Agreement, SPFCU will immediately cease using the UNAA
Marks and Mailing Lists and SPFCU will not issue any new or renewal Credit Cards,
although this provision does not restrict SPFCU from issuing new, renewal, or replacement
credit cards without using any UNAA Marks. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
above, SPFCU will not be required upon termination or expiration of this Agreement to
retrieve unexpired Credit Cards in the possession of Members or cease processing
