e. Account Ownership. SPFCU owns all accounts of its Members, including but not
limited to all Credit Card and other VISA accounts. SPFCU will fund the cost of $5.00 per
Member for each Member that becomes a member of SPFCU through the Program.

f. Member Support. SPFCU will provide Member support for the Program,
including without limitation, in-person, internet, and telephone support, which is the
equivalent of support available to SPFCU?s other members.

g. Complaint Resolution. SPFCU will take commercially reasonable steps to
resolve complaints relating to the Program. SPFCU will provide UNAA with written
notification immediately following the resolution of complaints that UNAA refers to
SPFCU.

h. Reports. SPFCU shall submit quarterly reports in a mutually agreeable
format to UNRF showing: (i) the total number of active Credit Card accounts; (ii) the
number of new Credit Card accounts opened during the preceding quarter and the Marketing
channel(s) through which they were derived (if available); and (iii) the end of quarter
balances. From time to time, SPFCU may bring program design changes to the UNRF to
maintain competitiveness or as a part of a proposal to add an additional card program intended to
address a different market. In general, this will mirror SPFCU?s non-UNRF/UNAA card

program(s).

8. Right to Audit. UNRF reserves the right, upon a reasonable notice in writing to SPFCU
and at reasonable times during SPFCU?s normal business hours, not more than once in each
calendar year and the calendar year immediately following termination of the Agreement, to
audit SPFCU?s quarterly reports (referenced in Section 7(h) above) that have been produced to
UNRF within the past thirty-six (36) months prior to the date of such audit request. The expense

of such audit shall be borne by UNRF.

9. Representations and Warranties. Each of the parties represent and warrant to the other as
of the Effective Date, and throughout the Term, that:

a. It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
b. The Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,

enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as otherwise provided by
law and the application of general principles of equity.

10. Confidentiality. The terms of this Agreement, the Mailing List(s) and any financial
information provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously
with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Confidential Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure, with the exception of where regulations require
disclosure. Confidential Information will not be disclosed by the receiving party to any other
person or entity except as permitted by this Agreement. The parties may disclose the other
party?s Confidential Information: (a) to their accountants, legal financial and marketing advisors,
and employees as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that said
persons are advised to treat the Confidential Information as confidential in the above described
manner; (b) as required by law or by any governmental regulatory authority; (c) pursuant to a
properly issued judicial order, subpoena or other request consistent with applicable law; and (d)

