transactions on unexpired Credit Cards.

15.  Indemnification/Hold_ Harmless. SPFCU will defend, indemnify and hold harmless
UNRF, its Board of Trustees, officers, employees and agents from any and all claims, liabilities,
judgments, penalties, losses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys? fees and
expenses, made against UNRF or the University, or any or all of the above-mentioned persons or
their successors, caused by or arising directly or indirectly from SPFCU? s performance of this
Agreement. UNRF warrants that it is the lawful owner of the UNAA Marks and has the right to
enter into this Agreement. UNRF shall indemnify SPFCU for reasonable costs, and damages,
incurred by or imposed upon it due to third-party claims of infringement arising from SPFCU?s
use of the UNAA Marks, provided UNRF has approved such use as referenced in this

Agreement.

16. Force Majeure. Neither party will be in breach hereunder by reason of their delay in the
performance of or failure to perform any of their obligations herein if such delay or failure is
caused by strikes or other labor disputes, acts of God or the public enemy, riots., incendiaries,
interference by civil or military authorities, delays in transit or delivery, or any other event

beyond their control.

17. Notices. All notices provided for in this Agreement must be in writing and will be
deemed given when delivered in person or within four (4) business days of being deposited in the
United States Mail by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested.
Notices will be sent to UNRF c/o Development and Alumni Relations, Morrill Hall edo
Center / 0164, Reno, Nevada 89557-0164
and to SPFCU c/o Jim Hunting, President/CEO, 6100 Neil Road, Suite 150, Reno, Nevada
89511; or to any other person designated in writing by either party to receive notices for such

party pursuant to this Agreement.

18. Applicable Law. Nevada law will govern the validity, construction and performance of
this Agreement..

19. Cooperation. UNRF and SPFCU will act diligently and use their best efforts to promptly
perform their respective obligations under this Agreement, and will reasonably cooperate with
each other, execute and deliver such further documents and instruments, and do such further acts
as are reasonably necessary to give effect to the intent of UNRF and SPFCU as expressed in this

Agreement.

20. Approval/Consent. If a matter under this Agreement requires or is subject to the prior
approval or consent of UNRF, then such approval or consent shall not be unreasonably delayed
or denied. In addition, UNRF will communicate its decision about any matter requiring UNRF
prior consent or approval within ten (10) business days following SPFCU?s request for approval
or consent. If UNRF does not or fails to communicate its decision within such ten (10) business
days of SPFCU?s request, then SPFCU may consider the non-response as approval or consent

with regard to the matter submitted to UNRF.

21. Remedies. The remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and the use of any
