program.

k. ?UNAA Mark? or ?UNAA Mark(s)? means existing and future UNAA trade

names, trademarks, and service marks authorized by UNAA or for use by UNAA, including
reasonable variations and combinations of such names and marks.

L ?University? means the University of Nevada, Reno.
m. ?VISA? means Visa U.S.A. Inc., a publicly held Delaware corporation.
2. Term. The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue

for five (5) years thereafter. At the end of the initial term, this Agreement will automatically
renew for consecutive five (5) year periods, unless either party gives written notice to the other
party of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least twelve (12) months before the
expiration of the initial 5-year term, or the expiration of the 5-year term then in effect, as
applicable (the initial 5-year term, and each consecutive 5-year term thereafter, are each referred

to in this Agreement as the ?Term?).

3. License of UNAA Marks. UNRF grants SPFCU a right and license, during the Term, to
use UNAA Marks for the Licensed Uses. The following provisions apply to the Licensed Uses:

a. Licensed Uses. SPFCU will only use the UNAA Marks for Licensed Uses.
SPFCU will not sell, transfer, sub-license or assign any part of SPFCU? s right or license to use
the UNAA Marks to any third party or any other person or entity. SPFCU will not modify any
UNAA Mark in any way when using the same for the Licensed Uses.

b. Approval of Licensed Uses. SPFCU will not undertake a Licensed Use without
the prior approval of UNRF.

c. Ownership Rights. UNRF retains all ownership right, title and interest in and to
the UNAA Marks (subject to the terms of this Agreement).

d. Design Review. SPFCU will submit its proposed Credit Card design to UNRF for
approval no later than Atrqergt SI, 20/9.

e. Marketing Materials. Using the UNAA Marks, SPFCU may create and develop,
or cause to be created and developed, Marketing Materials to Market the Program and the Credit
Cards. SPFCU will not state, in SPFCU?s Marketing or its Marketing Materials, that SPFCU or
its activities are endorsed or sponsored by UNRF or UNAA, except that it may state that it is the
credit union for the UNAA. All Marketing Materials will be created and developed by or on
behalf of SPFCU and at SPFCU?s cost and expense. All Marketing and Marketing Materials are
subject to UNRF prior approval.

f. Exclusivity. During the Term, UNAA will not grant to any individual, person or
entity: (i) a license or any other right to use UNAA Marks on credit cards, debit cards or prepaid
cards (collectively, ?Other Cards?), or on or in connection with any materials (including
electronic and/or digital communications and website use) used to market, advertise or promote
such Other Cards, or (ii) a license or any other right to market, advertise or promote Other Cards:
(iii) the ability or right to use Mailing Lists in connection with Other Credit Cards, or other |
financial services products provided by SPFCU and not presently marketed by UNRF to
members, such as insurance. Excluded from this exclusivity obligation, are any Other Cards
previously issued through another affinity credit card program and yet to expire.

4. Mailing List and Email Addresses. Subject to applicable law, and subject to University
