6. Payment and Reporting. SPFCU will pay UNRF the following amounts for the license of
the UNAA Marks, and as consideration for UNAA?s performance under this Agreement:

a. Balance Payments. SPFCU will pay to UNAA .5% of the affinity credit card
balances each year, calculated and paid each quarter end at .125% of the quarter end balances.
SPFCU shall remit payment to UNAA with the quarter end balance numbers no later than 30
days after the end of immediately preceding quarter.

Payment of UNRE Fees. SPFCU will pay to UNRF for each individual that is not a Member that
(i) applies for and is issued a Credit Card, and (ii) applies for and is issued membership in the
UNAA, the first year?s UNAA membership fees. SPFCU will pay for one year?s renewal at the
rate of $25 for all existing members who become new affinity card holders. UNAA shall
establish a special membership rate of $25.00 for members joining the UNAA through SPFCU

and the Program.

b. At least once each quarter, SPFCU will report on new cards and whether they are
existing UNAA members or new UNAA members.
Cc. Payment after Termination. Within thirty (30) days after the end of quarter

following of the termination ofthis Agreement, SPFCU shall pay to UNRF the outstanding
balance of all fees due UNRF under this Agreement.

d. Payment _of Other Services. SPFCU may, at its discretion, pay a fee for

additional loans for Credit Card Affinity members on automobile loans and other loans. Affinity
card members new to SPFCU will be tracked separately for this purpose. The indirect auto loan
payments will continue with the level of fee presently agreed to, unless modified by mutual
agreement.
e. Payment for Sponsorship of Signature Events and Direct Marketing
Opportunities. SPFCU shall pay $7500 (Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars) each year
for an agreed upon package of four or more Signature Events and Seven Direct Marketing
Opportunities. From time to time, UNRF and SPFCU may substitute similar events and
opportunities or negotiate additional events and opportunities.

Ts Program Design, Development, and Administration. SPFCU will design, develop and

administer the Program. Program features will include the following:

a. Automatic Renewal Feature for Members. SPFCU will offer, unless it conflicts
with applicable law and subject to the remainder of this paragraph, an automatic renewal option
to pay annual UNAA membership fees automatically, charging the Member?s Credit Card.

b. Credit Decisions and Risks. SPFCU will make all credit decisions and will
bear all credit risks with respect to the decision to issue a Credit Card and each Credit Card
holder. SPFCU may maintain separately all information which it obtains as a result of an
account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of SPFCU?s own files and SPFCU shall be entitled to use this information
for any purpose.

6. Card Design. SPFCU will create one or more designs and layouts for the
Credit Cards. The front of all Credit Cards will prominently display UNAA Marks.

d. Compliance. SPFCU will ensure that the Program complies with all
applicable Visa credit card rules and requirements.

