c) Card holders shall receive a discount of 10% on ice cream at Mike and Betty?s and coffee
at Sylvia?s coffee shop.

d) The UD Credit Card has $0 in annual fees with a low APR, based on credit score. Card
holders shall receive rewards based on each cardholders individual circumstances.

e) Bank can implement a marketing campaign where students who successfully refer their
parent/guardian to the UD Credit Card receive $50.00 or similar award from Bank, subject to
University?s approval.

f) The UD Credit Card comes with a 6 month 0% APR offer for Purchase and Balance
Transfer Transactions.

g) All University employees shall be offered the standard AtWork service through Bank.
(Contact Bank for details).

6. Costs.

a) Bank shall cover the cost of all marketing/promotion involving directed emails and
mailers, signs, promotional gifts/rewards/referral fees, and in-person marketing at University
events.

b) University shall cover the cost of all discounts to the bookstore, ice cream parlor, coffee
shops and related discounts as described in Section 5. University shall also cover the cost of
highlighting Bank in programs and pamphlets.

c) Bank shall cover all set-up costs. To offset initial costs, University will not begin to
receive interchange donations until the affinity card portfolio has at least 100 active and open
cards.

Us Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable in damages or have the right to terminate
this Agreement for any delay or default in performing hereunder if such delay or default is
caused by conditions beyond its control including, but not limited to Acts of God, Government
restrictions (including the denial or cancellation of any necessary license), wars, insurrections
and/or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the party whose performance is affected.

8. Confidentiality. Bank will not disclose the names, account numbers, or personally ?
identifiable information of customers who participate in this promotion, other than providing
names and contact information to University of individuals holding the UD Credit Card

9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of
Iowa without regard to conflicts of law principals of Iowa.

10. Indemnification. University agrees to indemnify and hold Bank harmless from and
against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and other expenses of any kind
