19.

20.

21.

22.

information or material which is (i) already in the public domain other than due to a breach of
this Agreement; (ii) independently developed by either party without reference to the other
party?s Confidential Information; (iii) with respect to a party?s Confidential Information, is
disclosed by that party to a third party who is not bound by an obligation of confidentiality with
respect to such information; (iv) can be proven to be already known by the receiving party at
the time of disclosure, other than through any disclosure under this Agreement, or (v) is
obtained from a source other than the disclosing party, where that source is entitled to disclose
it without an obligation of confidentiality. This Section 18 shall not apply to Personal
Information which shall be governed by Section 17.

Neither party may disclose or use the other party?s Confidential Information except: (a) as
reasonably necessary to perform its obligations or exercise any rights granted pursuant to this
Agreement; (b) with the disclosing party's prior written permission; or (c) to the extent required
by law or order of a court or other governmental authority or regulation; provided that, the
receiving party provides the disclosing party with prompt advance written notice thereof to
enable the disclosing party to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent such disclosure. Each
Party agrees to protect the other party?s Confidential Information in the same manner that it
protects its own Confidential Information of like kind, but in no event using less than a
commercially reasonable standard of care. Upon the termination or expiration of this
Agreement, each party will return any and all of the other party?s Confidential Information that
the receiving party is capable of returning in the ordinary course of its business, unless legally
prohibited from doing so, unless the disclosing party consents to destroying its Confidential
Information. Ifa party is unable to return the disclosing party?s Confidential Information or the
disclosing party consents to the destruction of its Confidential Information, an officer of the
receiving party shall certify in writing that the Confidential Information was destroyed and the
means of destruction.

Amendments. Amendments, additions or deletions may be made to this Agreement upon the
mutual consent of both parties, in writing and signed by their respective authorized officers, with
any such amendments, additions or deletions to become effective as of the date and year of
receipt and execution at and by CCCU thereof unless otherwise provided.

Independent Contractor. CCCU is an independent contractor under the terms of this Agreement;
nothing herein shall constitute either party hereto a partner of or joint venture with the other party.

Governing Law/Venue. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with California law
without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. and applicable federal laws. Venue for any action
including any arbitration related to this Agreement shall be in the appropriate state or federal courts
located in Los Angeles County, California.

Representations and Authority and License to use Marks. _CCCU represents and warrants that (a)
it is authorized to enter this Agreement in accordance with its organizational documents and
the rules promulgated by MasterCard and Visa, (b) it has full authority and rights to its name and
logo (hereinafter referred to as ?CCCU Marks?) shown on Exhibit D attached hereto and any other
CCCU Marks that CCCU may, from time to time, authorize Sponsor to use in connection with this
Agreement. For the purpose of this Agreement, CCCU grants to Sponsor a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license and authority to use the CCCU
Marks in connection with Sponsor performing under this Agreement and in accordance
with the requirements set forth by CCCU from time to time in writing. Sponsor
represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable bylaws and rules of MasterCard and
Visa, as such bylaws and rules change from time to time, the parties agreeing that such changes
shall automatically be incorporated into the operational procedures and considerations of this
Agreement. Sponsor represents and warrants that it has full authority and rights to its name and
logo (hereinafter referred to as ?Sponsor Marks?) shown on Exhibit E attached hereto and any
other Sponsor Marks that Sponsor may, from time to time, authorize CCCU to use in

