7.

8.

9.

10.
a.
b.

11.
a.
b.
c.
d.

Cardholder. CCCU acknowledges and agrees that Sponsor has no liability to CCCU or otherwise
with respect to any unpaid balances or other Account Indebtedness owed by Cardholders and that
all such risk of loss and related credit risk rests solely with CCCU.

Exclusive Agency/Non-Compete. So long as CCCU is not in default of its obligations hereunder,
Sponsor agrees that CCCU shall have the exclusive right to perform the card services contemplated
by this Agreement. Sponsor agrees that during the Term of this Agreement neither Sponsor nor
any of its Affiliates shall engage in the business of CCCU as described in this Agreement.

CU Rewards Program. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and subject to the terms
and conditions of the CU Rewards Program agreement between CCCU and the Cardholder (?CU
Rewards Program Terms?), during the Term, Cardholders are eligible to earn points (?CU Points?)
in accordance with the CU Rewards Program as described on Exhibit A and are eligible to receive
rewards (?CU Rewards?) based on the number of CU Points earned pursuant to the CU Rewards
Program. CCCU (and not Sponsor) shall be considered the issuer of the CU Points and the CU
Rewards pursuant to the CU Rewards Program and CCCU shall be solely liable to Cardholders with
respect to such CU Points and CU Rewards. CCCU shall maintain in its records the CU Points
earned and shall be solely responsible for redeeming the CU Points for CU Rewards in accordance
with the CU Rewards Program Terms.

Wildcat Rewards Program. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and subject to the
terms and conditions of the Wildcat Rewards Program agreement between Sponsor and the
Cardholder (?Wildcat Rewards Program Terms?), during the Term, Cardholders are eligible to earn
points (?Wildcat Points?) and are eligible to receive rewards (?Wildcat Rewards?) pursuant to the
Wildcat Rewards Program. Sponsor (and not CCCU) shall be considered the issuer of the Wildcat
Points and the Wildcat Rewards pursuant to the Wildcat Rewards Program and Sponsor shall be
solely liable to Cardholders with respect to such Wildcat Points and Wildcat Rewards. CCCU will
send an electronic file (which may be weekly) to Sponsor showing each Cardholder?s total
accumulated earned Wildcat Points as of the close of business for such day and Sponsor will
maintain in its records the total earned Wildcat Points for each Cardholder and shall be solely
responsible for redeeming the Wildcat Points for Wildcat Rewards in accordance with the Wildcat
Rewards Program Terms. Sponsor will send an invoice to CCCU for CCCU to reimburse Sponsor
for the full dollar amount of the Wildcat Rewards redeemed. Such invoice will be payable thirty
(30) days after receipt by CCCU.

Service by CCCU.
CCCU shall provide the following services to Sponsor:

i. CCCU will pay for all servicing costs.

ii. CCCU will handle all Cardholder service inquiries and billing dispute matters.
Compliance. CCCU will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that services provided
with respect to the Co-Branded Card Accounts, inclusive, but not limited to, all disclosures,
marketing materials, related documents and materials, provided under this Agreement will at
all times be in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to credit card
operations.

Advertising and Supplies. Sponsor agrees to promote and support the Program and the CU
Rewards Program on a continuing basis as follows:

Sponsor agrees to allow CCCU to publicize the Program, the CU Rewards
Program and the Wildcat Rewards Program to Sponsor?s constituents by
including information and availability of Co-Branded Cards in certain issues of
Sponsor?s print and electronic newsletters as determined by Sponsor provided Sponsor is not
prohibited from doing so by applicable law.

Sponsor agrees to display promotional linked image banners on key web pages relevant to the
Program, CU Rewards Program and the Wildcat Rewards Program for the duration of the Term
of this Agreement.

Sponsor will enable CCCU to display advertising of the availability of the Co-
Branded Cards _ in its facilities for Sponsor?s constituents (not including students on
campus).

CCCU will print and provide all advertising supplies (i.e. Co-Branded Card Applications,
