CO-BRANDED CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

This Co-Branded Credit Card Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of 7/ 13/ 2020
2020 (?Effective Date?) by and between Christian Community Credit Union (?CCCU?) and Abilene
Christian University (?Sponsor?) with reference to the following:

RECITALS

A. CCCU is a member of MasterCard International, Inc. (?MasterCard?) and a member of Visa U.S.A.,
Inc. (?Visa?) and acknowledges its responsibility to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and the
operating regulations of MasterCard and Visa (?Network Rules?); and

B Sponsor and CCCU desire to cooperate in the issuance and distribution of CCCU's MasterCard
credit cards and/or Visa credit cards under an agreed co-branded credit card program
(?Program? as defined in Section 2.a below)under which CCCU will provide
certain services for Sponsor either through third-parties (?Processors?) or CCCU?s in-house services, Sponsor
will market the Co-Branded Cards (as defined below) to its constituents, and each party will offer a point-
based loyalty reward program to Cardholders (as defined below).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions herein, and other
good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto have agreed and do hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions. In addition to capitalized terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement:

a. Affiliate(s) means, with respect to any person or entity, any other person or entity that directly
or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such person or entity.
For purposes of this definition, ?control? means possession, direct or indirect, of the power to
vote 50% or more of the securities or other ownership interests that have ordinary voting power
for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions of any entity, or to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through
ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

b. Applicable Privacy Laws. means (i) all federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, directives
and governmental requirements currently in effect and as they become effective relating in any
way to the privacy, confidentiality or security of Personal Information, including the Federal
?Privacy of Consumer Financial Information? Regulation (12 CFR Part 30) issued pursuant to
Section 504 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (15 U.S.C. ?6801, et seq.) (?GLB?), as
well as any other federal or state regulations issued pursuant to GLB; the FTC Disposal of
Consumer Report Information and Records Rule, 16 C.F.R. ? 682 (2005); the California Right
to Financial Privacy Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and all other similar federal,
state and local requirements, all as may be amended from time to time; and (ii) all industry
standards concerning privacy, data protection, confidentiality or information security currently
in effect and as they become effective.

c. Applicant means any person who meets the eligibility requirements for a Co-Branded Card as
mutually agreed to by Sponsor and CCCU in writing and attached as an Exhibit to this
Agreement and who applies for a Co-Branded Card.

d. Cardholder(s) means a person who has been issued a Co-Branded Card and authorized users of
the Co-Branded Card.

e. Cardholder Data means all Personal Information about a Cardholder received by CCCU in
connection with the Co-Branded Card Accounts or the Program or the CU Rewards Program
and includes any Cardholder list whether in hardcopy, magnetic tape, electronic or other form.

f. Co-Branded Card Account means a revolving credit account established by CCCU under the
Program pursuant to which one or more Cardholders may obtain credit from CCCU for purchases

