12.

13,

14.

15.

flyers and inserts) for the CU Rewards Program. CCCU has no responsibility for advertising

or marketing materials for the Wildcat Rewards Program.
Sponsor shall have the right, prior to its first use, to approve all marketing and advertising

materials used by CCCU in connection with the Program, Co-Branded Cards and the Wildcat
Rewards Program distributed through Sponsor?s website and facilities or otherwise directed to

Sponsor?s constituents.

Royalties to Sponsor. In consideration for the use of the property rights of Sponsor

including its name, logos and other materials indicating Sponsor?s affiliation wi

th

CCCU, CCCU agrees to pay to Sponsor royalties as described in Exhibit C of this

Agreement, no later than sixty (60) days after the last day of each calendar quarter.

Collections. CCCU agrees that it will follow its own business practices in the collection
of delinquent or defaulted Co-Branded Card Accounts. CCCU shall be entitled to use its own
discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising or taking or refraining from

taking any action which it may be entitled to take, or assert under each Cardholder Agreement
which it may be entitled to assert against any other financial institution relating to tl
clearing of items, interchanging of items, and other relationships between financial institutio

which are part of MasterCard or Visa. CCCU reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to settle,
compromise, or adjust any dispute arising out of or relating to any part of a Co-Branded Card
Account transaction giving rise to any claim. All out-of-pocket expenses, court costs, and

attorney?s fees arising out of the collection of the amounts due and payable to CCCU
Cardholders shall be borne by CCCU.

Tem. Unless terminated earlier as provided in Section 15 below, this Agreement will

remain in full force and effect for a period of three (3) years from the Effective Date (t

?Initial Term? or ?Term??); provided, however, that either party may terminate this Agreement for
convenience (?Termination for Convenience?) prior to expiration of the Initial Term on each

anniversary of the Program Effective Date upon at least one hundred and twenty (120) da
advance written notice to the other party. . The effective date of the Program shall

or
ne
ns

by

ne

ys
be

, 2020 (?Program Effective Date?). The parties agree to engage in good faith
negotiations to resolve, if possible, the reasons for Termination for Convenience before providing

notice of Termination for Convenience.

Default and Cure Period; Effect of Termination.

Default and Cure Period. Either party may terminate this Agreement: (a) upon thirty
(30) days prior written to the other party of a material breach by the other party of this
Agreement and such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such notice period
unless such breach cannot be cured within such notice period in which case this
Agreement shall not terminate at the end of the notice period if the breaching party has
initiated substantive steps to cure the breach and diligently pursues such; or (b)
immediately in the event the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy
or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or assignment
for the benefit of creditors. In the event that Sponsor or its parent: (1) files for bankruptcy
(either voluntarily or involuntarily): (2) is taken over or placed into receivership by the
applicable federal or state governmental or quasi- governmental entity or agency; or (3) is
subject to any form of regulatory action or event (including, but not limited to, issuance of a
cease and desist order); then CCCU has the right, upon thirty (30) days? prior written notice,
to issue Credit Cards solely in its own name and without any reference to Sponsor thereon.

Effect of Termination. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and except as the parties may
mutually agree, all obligations of the parties shall continue upon the delivery of a notice of
termination or non-renewal of this Agreement by either party, through the effective date of
termination. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon termination or non-renewal
of this Agreement for any reason, the Co-Branded Card Accounts shall continue in effect in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Cardholder Agreements and nothing in this
