of goods and services and obtain cash advances subject to the terms of the Cardholder Agreement,
and obtain associated benefits.

Co-Branded Card Account Data means all information relating to specific Co-Branded Card
Accounts that is obtained, generated or created in connection with Co-Branded Card Account
processing.

Co-Branded Card Application means the credit application that must be fully completed and
submitted (regardless of the form thereof or the means of delivery thereof) by a person in order
for CCCU to determine whether to establish a Co-Branded Card Account (i.e., an approved
application) or not.

Co-Branded Card Documentation includes, without limitation, with respect to Co-Branded Card
Accounts, Cardholder Agreements, Co-Branded Cards, PIN mailers, billing statements and other
documentation relating to such Co-Branded Card Accounts.

Co-Branded Card(s) means any version of a revolving general purpose credit card established
under the Program which (i) is marketed to Sponsor?s constituents as mutually agreed to by
Sponsor and CCCU; (ii) is issued by CCCU in the United States; (iii) contains certain of the
CCCU?s Marks and certain of Sponsor?s Marks; (iv) contains MasterCard or VISA Marks; and
(v) is linked to a Co-Branded Card Account.

CU Rewards Program means a CCCU sponsored point-based system that rewards Co-Branded
Card usage with points that may be redeemed for goods and/or services as described in Exhibit
A attached hereto or any other point-based rewards system that CCCU may adopt from time to
time and described on a revised Exhibit A.

Intellectual Property. means intellectual property of any nature and kind, however designated,
whether arising by operation of law, contract, license or otherwise, whether registered or not
registered; including: all domestic and foreign trade-marks, business names, trade names,
service marks, logos, domain names, generic top-level domains, universal resource locator
addresses, telephone numbers (including toll free numbers), trading styles, and the goodwill
associated therewith; rights associated with works of authorship and literary property, including
copyrights and moral rights of an author of a copyrightable work (including any right to be
identified as the author of the work or to object to derogatory treatment of the work); patents,
trade secrets, algorithms, software, trade dress, ideas, concepts, techniques, industrial designs,
and all applications for registration thereof, including initial applications (including intent to use
and provisional applications), renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or reissues thereof,
and inventions, formulae, recipes, product formulations, processes and processing methods,
technology, techniques and know-how.

m. Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual, including non-public
personal information, as defined in Applicable Privacy Laws.

Program Effective Date means the date set forth in Section 14.

Sponsor Data means all Personal Information about Sponsor?s constituents received by Sponsor
in connection with the Program or the Wildcat Rewards Program and includes any constituent
list whether in hardcopy, magnetic tape, electronic or other form.

Wildcat Rewards Program means a Sponsor point-based system that rewards Co-Branded Card
usage with points that may be redeemed for goods and/or services or to be applied to a student?s
account or to earn college tuition as described in Exhibit B attached hereto or any other point-
based rewards system that Sponsor may adopt from time to time and described on a revised
Exhibit B.

Program.
