Deserve may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this
Agreement and shall ensure that any such third party complies with all terms of this
Agreement.

12.3 Entire Agreement/Amendment. This Agreement, together with the Schedules hereto, which
are expressly incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof contain the entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede
all other prior understandings and agreements between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended except
by written instrument signed by Deserve and NJIT. In the event of any express direct conflict
between a provision in the body of this Agreement and in a Schedule, the provision in the
Schedule shall prevail.

12.4 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to
confer any rights or benefits upon any Person other than Deserve and NJIT, or to make or
render any such other Person a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

12.5 Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of either Party to insist, in any one or more instances, on
the performance of any term or condition of this Agreement shall not be construed as a
waiver or relinquishment of any right granted hereunder or of the future performance of any
such term or condition, and the obligations of the non-performing Party with respect thereto
shall continue in full force and effect. No release, discharge or waiver of any provision
hereof shall be enforceable against or binding upon either Party unless in writing and
executed by a duly authorized officer of each of the Parties. Neither the failure to insist upon
strict performance of any of the agreements, terms, covenants or conditions hereof nor the
acceptance of monies due hereunder with knowledge of a breach of this Agreement, shall be
deemed a waiver of any rights or remedies that either Party may have or a waiver of any
subsequent breach or default in any of such agreements, terms, covenants and conditions.

12.6 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable,
all other provisions shall remain valid and be enforced and construed as if such invalid
provision was not a part of this Agreement.

12.7 Notices. All notices, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be sent by certified mail return receipt requested, by hand, by facsimile with
confirmation of receipt, or by nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to
the Party to whom such notice or other communication is to be given or made at such Party's
address as set forth below, or to such other address as such Party may designate in writing to
the other Party from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof as follows: Any
notice provided pursuant to this Section 12.7 shall be deemed given:

(i) if sent by certified mail, two Business Days after notice is sent,

(ii) if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service, on the next day on which such
courier service makes deliveries in the ordinary course of its business,

(iil) if delivered by hand, on the day of delivery, or

(iv) if delivered by facsimile with confirmation of receipt, upon receipt of such confirmation
by the sending Party. Any notice of termination of this Agreement sent by a Party shall

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 33 of 41
