3.2

() It represents that disclosure by NJIT to Deserve of Confidential
Information or non-confidential information in its files pertaining to NJIT Members will
not knowingly violate any law, regulation, restriction or contractual prohibition against
disclosure by NJIT of such information, provided Deserve uses such information in
accordance with this Agreement. NJIT further acknowledges and agrees that it is
authorized to disclose and make available to Deserve such Member information,
including but not limited to the information provided as part of the Member List.

(m) It agrees that Deserve is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and
permitted the non-exclusive use of NJIT Marks in order to provide the NJIT Card and
for no additional purposes except the proposed design and layout for the Card which will
prominently display a NJIT Mark.

Representations and Warranties of Deserve. Deserve makes the following representations and
warranties to NJIT as of the Effective Date and at all times thereafter throughout the Term:

(a) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of California.

(b) It has all necessary power to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(c) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
all instruments and documents to be delivered thereunder by Deserve have been duly
authorized by all necessary or proper corporate action of Deserve.

(d) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Deserve,
enforceable against Deserve in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(e) No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Deserve, except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(f) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Deserve will not constitute a violation of any Applicable Law applicable to Deserve.

(g) It has the right and power to license the Deserve Marks to NJIT for use as
contemplated by this Agreement in connection with the Program.

(h) The negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
all instruments and documents to be delivered thereunder: (i) do not and will not contravene
any provisions of its organizational documents; and (ii) will not conflict with or result in the
breach of or constitute a default under any material agreement, or other instrument to which
it is a party or by which it or any of its assets or property are bound.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 13 of 41
