6.5

7A

instructions may include, to the extent reasonably practicable, the return or destruction of
any and all of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information (including any electronic or
paper copies, reproductions, extracts or summaries thereat) and certification of compliance
with this Section 6.4 by an officer; provided, that such return or destruction shall not be
required for Confidential Information (a) required to be retained pursuant to the Receiving
Party's disaster recovery plan, or (b) that has been submitted to the Receiving Party's board of
directors or a Governmental Authority; and provided, further, that the Receiving Party in
possession of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information may retain a copy of such
Confidential Information to the extent required by Applicable Law, which copy shall be
used solely to comply with such Applicable Law.

Injunctive Relief. Each Receiving Party agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party may cause immediate and irreparable harm
to the Disclosing Party for which money damages may not constitute an adequate remedy. In
that event, the Receiving Party agrees that injunctive relief may be warranted in addition to
any other remedies the Disclosing Party may have. In addition, the Receiving Party agrees to
promptly advise the Disclosing Party in writing of any unauthorized misappropriation,
disclosure or use by any Person of the Confidential Information which may come to its
attention and to take all steps at its own expense as mutually agreed in writing by the Parties
hereto to limit, stop or otherwise remedy such misappropriation, disclosure or use.

ARTICLE VII PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY

Privacy.

(a) Each Party shall comply with the applicable terms and provisions of Title V,
Subtitle A of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq., as it may be amended
from time to time ("GLBA") and the regulations issued thereunder, as the same may be
amended from time to time ("Regulations"), including the provisions of the GLBA and the
Regulations regarding the use and re-use, and the disclosure and re-disclosure, of "nonpublic
personal information" as such term is defined in the GLBA and the Regulations ("Nonpublic
Personal Information"). Without limiting the foregoing, each Party shall implement and
maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure and protect
the security, confidentiality and integrity of all Nonpublic Personal Information received in
connection with this Agreement against any anticipated or reasonably likely security threats or
hazards.

(b) To the extent applicable, each Party shall comply with the privacy policy of
Deserve, as may be amended from time to time by Deserve in its discretion (the "Privacy
Policy").

(c) Each Party shall not disclose to any Person other than Affiliates without prior
consent of the other Party or use any Nonpublic Personal Information that it obtains from a
Customer or the other Party except to carry out the purposes for which the Nonpublic Personal
Information was disclosed to such Party.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 24 of 41
