involve credit card or charge card programs for Alumni or Students), however, Deserve
shall have the right of first refusal to offer any new agreements described in (i) and (ii). This
definition shall not include any debit/prepaid card programs, corporate travel/entertainment
credit cards, procurement cards issued by on-campus service providers or any on-campus
student financial aid/student loan programs. Moreover, there is a federal credit union
associated with NJIT (Atlantic Federal Credit Union) which is exempted from this
Agreement.

"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.16.
"GLBA" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 (a).

"Governmental Authority" means any government, any state or any political
subdivision thereof and any Person exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government, whether federal, state, local or
territorial, that has valid jurisdiction over the subject matter and/or Person at issue.

"Governmental Request" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2 (b).

"Indemnified Losses" means any and all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses
(including reasonable fees and expenses for attorneys, experts and consultants, reasonable
out-of-pocket costs, interest and penalties), settlements, equitable relief judgments, damages
(including liquidated, special, consequential, punitive and exemplary damages), related to
any Claims, demands, offsets, defenses, actions or proceedings by whomsoever asserted.

"Indemnified Party" means the Party receiving indemnification from the
Indemnifying Party under the terms of this Agreement.

"Indemnifying Party" means the Party providing indemnification to the Indemnified
Party under the terms of this Agreement.

"Initial Term" means the period set forth in Section 8.1 (a) commencing upon the
Effective Date.

"Launch" means the date on which a Credit Card as defined herein is initially
marketed to NJIT Members or others either through NJIT Marketing Channels or Deserve
Marketing Channels.

"List" means an updated and current list of NJIT Members containing non-duplicate
names, with corresponding valid postal addresses, together with such other NJIT Members'
information as reasonably requested by Deserve, including the campus email address of all
NJIT Members who are at least eighteen (18) years of age, segmented by zip codes or as
otherwise reasonably maintained by NJIT in the ordinary course of its business, via
electronic file or other format designated by Deserve; provided however, that the List shall
not include: (i) the name or related information of any Person who has expressly requested
that NJIT not provide his/her personal information to third parties, or (ii) any e-mail address
that has been the subject of an opt-out request.

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 6 of 41
