also be sent by such Party to any other Person as may be required by Applicable Law.

12.8 Public Announcements. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, as necessary to
comply with Applicable Law, or with the prior written consent of the other Party (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), neither Party shall make,
or cause to be made, any press release or make any public or private announcement in respect
of the other Party, the Program or this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or
otherwise communicate with any news media regarding the other Party, the Program or this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NJIT agrees that during the Term Deserve may
include NJIT's name and Marks in connection with any materials listing marketing partners
that Deserve may publicize, provided any such use complies with the terms of Section 4.2 (a).

12.9 Effect of Headings. The headings and subheadings of the sections of this Agreement are
inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning or
construction of any of the agreements, terms, covenants and conditions of this Agreement in
any manner.

12.10 Interpretation. This Agreement has been fully reviewed and negotiated by the Parties and
their respective counsel. Accordingly, in interpreting this Agreement, no weight shall be
placed upon which Party or its counsel drafted the provision being interpreted.

12.11 Multiple Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of multiple counterparts, all of which shall constitute but one and the same original.
Facsimile signatures or portable document files (or "PDF") of signatures to this Agreement
shall be effective.

12.12 No Agency. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, nothing contained in this
Agreement shall authorize, empower or constitute NJIT or Deserve as agent of the other in any
manner; authorize or empower NJIT or Deserve to assume or create any obligation or
responsibility whatsoever, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of the other
Party; or authorize or empower NJIT or Deserve to bind the other Party in any manner or
make any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or commitment on behalf of the
other Party or permit NJIT or Deserve to hold itself out as having the authority to do any
of the foregoing.

12.13 Governing Law. This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters
of construction, validity and performance, shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to its conflicts of law provisions,
and/or, if and as required, applicable federal law.

12.14 Consent_to Jurisdiction. Each Party hereto agrees that all actions, proceedings or
counterclaims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby, for which access to court is permitted under this Agreement, shall
be brought in the United States District Court for New Jersey (or, should such federal court
lack competence to hear such actions, proceedings or counterclaims, in a state court with
competent subject matter jurisdiction in New Jersey) and that it shall in connection with any
such actions, proceedings or counterclaims, submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree to venue

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 34 of 41
