2.1

restatements thereof; (e) a reference in this Agreement to an Article, Section or Schedule is to
the Article, Section or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided;
(f) a reference to an Article, Section or Schedule in this Agreement shall, unless the context
clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said article,
section or schedule; (g) words such as "hereunder," "hereto," "hereof" and "herein," and
other words of like import shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to
the whole of this Agreement and not to any particular section, subsection or clause hereof;
and (h) a reference in this Agreement to a "third party" (whether in the singular or the plural)
shall (unless otherwise indicated herein) include any Person other than a Party.

ARTICLE I: OFFERING OF CREDIT CARDS

Offering of Credit Cards.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Deserve shall offer and
service and Deserve?s partner bank shall issue customized Deserve Mastercard Cards ("NJIT
Card") to individual Members of NJIT whose applications have been solicited under the
terms of this Agreement and whose credit has been approved by Deserve and to whom a
NJIT Card has been issued (individually, an "Accountholder" and collectively
"Accountholders"). All NJIT Cards offered under this agreement are unsecured, open-end,
revolving credit card products, branded with the NJIT Mark and the Deserve Marks, and
pursuant to which a Customer may make purchases and/or use any other similar such
function generally supported by Deserve at its sole discretion, and subject to the terms of the
Account agreement with Deserve (each, a "Credit Card"). Deserve in its capacity as the
manager of the Program, will create a co-branded NJIT (primary brand) and Deserve
(secondary brand) set of Credit Cards, to wit, two (2) for NJIT students (Edu and Classic)
and two (2) for NJIT alumni (Pro and Classic) with the same features, underwriting models,
and service levels that Deserve applies to its own singularly branded credit Cards. (Deserve
Edu Mastercard, Deserve Pro Mastercard, and Deserve Classic Mastercard.) All facets of the
Program including but not limited to underwriting to servicing will be provided by Deserve.
Customer acquisition will be a joint effort and expense as described below.

(b)  Deserve's standard consumer credit card issuance and administration policies
and procedures and its credit, fraud, and collections practices shall be established,
implemented and administered by Deserve in its sole discretion, and may be modified from
time to time by Deserve with respect to the Credit Cards. Deserve shall make all credit risk
management decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
Account, independently of NJIT. Without limitation of the foregoing, Deserve shall have
sole discretion to determine: which, if any, Credit Card shall be issued to a Customer or
potential Customer; all credit limit assignments and adjustments with respect to any Account;
whether to terminate, suspend, or reactivate credit privileges on any Account; and the
manner and method of collections to be pursued, if any, on any Account.

(c) | Credit Cards issued by Deserve?s partner bank to approved Customers shall
be serviced by Deserve and governed by the Card Holder Agreements entered into between
such Persons and Deserve. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i)

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 10 of 41
