"Program" means the credit card program established pursuant to this Agreement
including, but not limited to, all aspects of the solicitation, marketing, underwriting,
delivery, administration, servicing, collection and termination of the Accounts, and Card
Related Products and Services through any medium as well as the respective obligations
of the parties under the Agreement.

"Program Consumer Information" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2 (b).

"Program Year" means the period of time commencing with the Effective Date
through June 30, 2019, and each succeeding twelve-calendar month period of time
thereafter from July 1 through June 30 during the Term.

"Receiving Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 (a).
"Regulations" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 (a).
"Recipient" means the party receiving Confidential Information.

"Referral? means an approved and activated (for revolving accounts) Deserve
Account, received and electronically tracked directly and in an uninterrupted manner
through a Partner Advertisement.

"Referred Member? means any person who is referred to Deserve and acquires a
Deserve Card through or by the NJIT Program.

"Renewal Term" means each the period following the conclusion of the Initial
Term and any subsequent Renewal Terms as set forth in Section 8.1 (b).

"Royalties" means New Account Fees and Interchange Sharing revenue amounts
to be paid by Deserve to NJIT, pursuant to Schedule C of this Agreement.

"Subcontractor" means any Person that has a business arrangement with NJIT or
Deserve, by contract or otherwise, to perform duties, conduct activities or provide
services, or has any other responsibilities or obligations related to the Program in any
way or that involves such Person obtaining, maintaining, viewing or accessing Nonpublic
Personal Information.

"Term" means the Initial Term and each Renewal Term.

1.2 Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules shall apply hereto: (a) where appropriate, the singular includes the plural and
the plural includes the singular; (b) all references to the masculine gender shall be deemed
to include the feminine gender (and vice versa); (c) "include," "includes" and "including"
are not limiting; (d) unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided
herein, a reference to a particular agreement, instrument, document, or Applicable Law also

references and includes all renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and
NJIT 5-28-19 Page 9 of 41

