?Celtic Bank? means the partner bank of Deserve. The partner bank is the issuer of
Deserve Cards.

"Claim" means any claim (including any counter or cross-claim and allegations
whether or not proven), assertion, suit, cause of action, event, condition, investigation,
proceeding, allegation, charges, fines, expenses, or other proceeding by any third party
(including any Governmental Authority) concerning any actual or potential liability or
damage of any nature, kind, and description whatsoever as to which a Party may request
indemnification under Article IX.

"Claim Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.
"Confidential Information" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 (a).

"Consumer" means an individual, including an individual's legal representative, who
has obtained or applied for a financial product or service from either Party or its Affiliates for
personal, family or household purposes, or who is identified on a marketing or other list or
file made available by one Party to the other Party.

"Converted Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6 (b).
"Credit Card" has the same meaning as "Card" as set forth in the Definitions.

"Customer" means an individual that is or was a NJIT Member and in whose name an
Account is opened.

"Disclosing Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 6. | (a).
"Deserve" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

"Deserve Card" means a Mastercard issued by Deserve?s partner bank and serviced
by Deserve.

"Deserve Marks" means the designs, images, visual representations, logos, service
marks, trade dress, trade names, trademarks and/or other proprietary designations of Deserve
listed or included on Schedule A attached hereto. Schedule A shall be deemed automatically
amended without further action of the Parties to reflect any additional design, image, visual
representation, logo, trademark, tradename, service mark, logo, trade dress or other
proprietary designation of Deserve which is approved by Deserve in writing for use in
connection with the Program.

"Deserve Proprietary Rights" means: (a) Accountholder Information; (b) the
information on the Deserve Website, excluding any NJIT Proprietary Rights contained
therein; (c) any domain names Deserve registers for Deserve's use on the world wide web;
(d) Deserve Marks; (e) the name of Deserve; (f) any and all information, ideas, concepts,
artwork, graphics and other proprietary rights of Deserve used on the Deserve Website; (g)
Marketing Materials, excluding any NJIT Proprietary Rights contained therein; and (h) all

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 4 of 41
