4.5

supplied upon Deserve's request but no more than once every two (2) months during the
Term. All such Lists shall be provided to Deserve by NJIT at no cost to Deserve. NJIT shall
provide the first List, containing all non-duplicate names, with all corresponding information,
as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after NJIT executes this Agreement.
Except as required by Applicable Law, NJIT shall not modify its privacy policy or business
practices (nor permit any Affiliate to take any similar action) in a manner reasonably likely to
reduce the number of NJIT Members included on the Lists, or to prevent NJIT from
providing such Lists as contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Deserve recognizes that NJIT is bound to comply with the United States Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), as it may be amended from time to time, in the handling of
all educational records of students. As such, only directory information as defined under
FERPA may be release by NJIT in connection with the Directory Information.

(b) Deserve shall use Lists on a basis consistent with the terms of this Agreement
to market the Credit Cards and the Program, and shall not rent, use or permit any third party
handling such Lists to use them for any other purpose without the express written consent of
NJIT. Deserve shall have the sole right to designate NJIT Members on the List(s) to whom
marketing material will not be sent. Except as set forth in this Section 4.4, Lists provided by
NJIT are and shall remain the sole property of NJIT. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the
extent that (1) such information is available to Deserve from another source, or (ii) Deserve
obtains any information as a result of an Account relationship or an application for an
Account relationship with any Customer, Deserve may retain all such information as a part of
Deserve's own files and such information shall not be subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

(c) Upon the termination of this Agreement, Deserve will, subject to Applicable
Law or any standard policies and procedures of Deserve requiring their retention, return or
destroy any Lists provided by NJIT. Any Lists not so returned or destroyed shall be
maintained only to the extent required and in accordance with the confidentiality obligations
set forth in Article VI.

Exclusivity.

(a) During the term of this Agreement, and unless Deserve shall specifically
otherwise consent in writing or as otherwise permitted herein, NJIT shall endorse the
Program and the Credit Cards exclusively and NJIT shall not, and shall cause each of its
Affiliates to not, whether acting individually or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly: (i) license or use, or allow any other Person to license or use, any of the
Marks in relation to or otherwise for promoting, offering or using with, any Exclusive
Product; (ii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its Lists or information about any NJIT Members for
the purpose of promoting any Exclusive Product; and (iii) sponsor, advertise, issue, support,
develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any third party credit
card provider (other than Deserve) the providing of, any Exclusive Product.

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, NJIT may, during
the one hundred and eighty (180) days preceding the end of the current term or any renewal

NJIT 5-28-19 Page 19 of 41
