"New NJIT Accounts" means any Account opened and issued a card by Deserve?s
partner bank to any Customer who was approved under the terms of this Agreement and the
Credit Card has at least one image from Schedule B, regardless of whether such account was
opened through NJIT or Deserve Marketing Channels.

"Nonpublic Personal Information" has the same meaning as set forth in Section 7.1
(a) and may include any information from or about Consumers that: (a) relates to any
Consumer; (b) relates to, or derives from, any transaction between Discloser or its
Affiliates and any Consumer; or (c) is a list, description or other grouping of Consumers,
including Member Lists. Nonpublic Personal Information includes, but is not limited to,
application, account and transaction information, Consumer names and addresses,
consumer report information or information derived therefrom, and the fact that an
individual is or was a Member of Discloser or any of its Affiliates.

"NJIT" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

"NJIT Communication Channels" means any Marketing Channels that are fully
funded, staffed, or hosted by NJIT. E-mail marketing shall be transmitted by NJIT, and such
e-mails shall be authored by NJIT or Deserve and approved by both parties under their usual
and customary processes. E-mail marketing shall be considered a NJIT Communication
Channel.

"NJIT Information" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2 (c).
"NJIT Marks" means the Marks of NJIT.

"NJIT Members" means NJIT alumni, benefits-eligible full-time faculty and staff,
students age 18 or older, and any other supporters of NJIT that may be interested.

"NJIT Proprietary Rights" means (a) Member Lists and Member Information; (b) the
information on the NJIT Website excluding any Deserve Proprietary Rights; (c) any domain
names NJIT registers for NJIT's use on the world wide web; (d) NJIT Marks and
photographs or other depictions of NJIT; (e) the name of NJIT; and (f) any and all
information, ideas, concepts, artwork, graphics, applications and other proprietary rights of
NJIT used on the NJIT Website.

"NJIT Website" means the applicable portions of NJIT's relevant website located on
the internet at domains registered, owned and maintained by NJIT or any Affiliate.

"Partner Advertisement? means any material, electronic or otherwise, promoting
Deserve or its services.

"Person" means any individual, general or limited partnership, joint venture,
corporation, limited liability company, bank, trust, unincorporated organization, or any
government or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof.

"Privacy Policy" has the meaning set forth in Section 7. 1 (b).
NJIT 5-28-19 Page 8 of 41
