Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for delay or failure to perform its obligations under this
Agreement caused by an event of natural disaster, casualty, acts of God, riots, terrorism,
governmental acts, or other event of similar nature that is beyond the reasonable control of the
party; provided that such party did not contribute in any way to the event.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the parties
with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the subject matter.

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, the
remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

Survival. The following provisions will survive any termination of this Agreement: Indemnification
(Section 12), Limitations on Liability (Section 13), Right of First Refusal (Section 7.c), and any other
section that by its terms would reasonably be expected to survive termination.

Amendments. No amendment or modification of this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing
and signed by each party.

Waiver; Cumulative Rights. No failure, delay, or forbearance of either party in insisting upon or
enforcing any provision of this Agreement, or in exercising any rights or remedies under this
Agreement, will be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such provisions, rights or
remedies, which will remain in full force and effect. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement,
each party?s rights and remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies that
the parties may have at law or in equity.

Assignment. Neither party may assign, transfer, delegate, or subcontract any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent
of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned, or withheld. Any
purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section will be voidable by the other party.

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of the parties
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement benefits only the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, confers on
any third party any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or
by reason of this Agreement.

Publicity. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, neither party will use the name or Marks
of, refer to, or identify the other party in publicity releases, interviews, promotional, or marketing
materials, public announcements, customer listings, testimonials, or advertising without the prior
written consent of the other party.

Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions. Any
action to enforce the terms of this Agreement must be brought in Whitman County, Washington.
The substantially prevailing party in any action or proceeding will be entitled to an award of all costs
and expenses incurred in the action, including reasonable attorneys? fees and court costs.

Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges that any controversy that may arise under this
Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues. Each such party waives any right it
may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts.

4820-2177-2950.3
