writing or in a SOW; and (ii) every sublicensee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Section to the same extent as Licensee.

c. Reservation of Rights. Licensor represents that Licensor is the sole owner of all right, title and interest
in and to Licensor?s Marks or has a legal right to use and license such Marks. Licensee agrees that it
has not acquired and will not acquire any right, title or interest in or to Licensor's Marks except for the
limited right to use such Marks under this Agreement. All rights not expressly granted to Licensee
under Section 11.b, above are reserved by Licensor. Licensee acknowledges Licensor's ownership of
and/or rights to use the Marks and promises that it will do nothing inconsistent with such ownership and
rights. If any right, title, interest or other ownership in Licensor's Marks becomes vested in Licensee by
operation of law or otherwise, Licensee agrees to assign all of such right, title, interest or other
ownership to Licensor without additional consideration. Licensee agrees to cooperate with Licensor
and sign any documents Licensor deems reasonably necessary to effectuate such transfer.

d. Use of Marks. Licensee agrees to use Licensor's Marks solely in connection with the Offered Services,
and only as provided in this Agreement and any applicable SOW.

e. Restrictions on Use. Licensee may neither create nor allow any third party to create a composite Mark
involving Licensor's Marks (i) as a portion or in combination with an other trademarks, service marks or
logos; (ii) as all or part of a corporate name, trade name or any other designation used by Licensee to
identify its products, services or business, or (iii) for any other purpose other than as expressly
permitted in this Agreement and any SOW. Neither Licensee nor any affiliate may use any name,
trademark, service mark, trade name, trade dress or logo that is identical or confusingly similar to any
of Licensor's Marks. Licensee may not engage in or facilitate activities that jeopardize, dilute or
otherwise adversely affect Licensors Marks. Licensee promises that it will not attack, dispute or
challenge Licensor?s right, title or interest in and to Licensor?s Marks or the validity of Licensor?s Marks.

f. Publicity. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or an SOW, neither party may use the name
of the other party in any news release, public announcement, advertisement, or other form of publicity
without the other parties? prior written consent.

12. Confidentiality.

a. Definitions. As used in this Section, the word ?Information? includes, without limitation, the following
types of information obtained or accessed by or on behaif of one party to this Agreement (?Recipient?)
from or on behalf of the other party (?Discloser?):

i. trade secrets and proprietary information;

ii. customer lists, member lists, marketing plans, business plans, operational or financial forecasts,
projections, information security plans, business continuity plans and proprietary software
programs;

iii. any ?non-public personal information? (?NPPI?) as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999
and the regulations promulgated under that Act (collectively, ?GLBA");

iv. any other information received from or on behalf of Discloser, whether in written, verbal or visual
form, that is marked or designated as confidential or that Recipient could reasonably be expected to
know is confidential.

?Information? does not include any information that (i) Recipient already possesses without obligation of
confidentiality, develops independently without reference to Discloser?s Information, or rightfully
receives without obligation of confidentiality from a third party; or (ii) is or becomes publicly available
without Recipient's breach of this Agreement.

b. Confidentiality Obligations.

i. Standard of Care. Recipient will use the same level of care to prevent unauthorized disclosure of
Information as it uses with its own similar information that it does not wish to be disclosed, but in no
event less than a reasonable standard of care and no less than is required by law. Recipient may
only use Information for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement.

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 3 of 8
