such assistance. WSUAA will only provide information to or otherwise communicate with
Supporters about Co-branded Cards with the prior written approval of BECU, except for current
advertising and solicitation materials provided or approved by BECU. However, WSUAA may
respond generally to individual inquiries from Supporters about Co-branded Cards on an individual
basis, provided that such responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials
provided or approved by BECU.

Other Marketing Efforts. The parties may from time to time agree to engage in other marketing
and promotional activities, subject to such terms as the parties may agree in writing.

6. Use of Marks.

a.

License to use WSU/WSUAA Marks. BECU acknowledges that WSU has a written agreement
with U.S. Bank National Association for banking services associated with its ?CougarCard? (the
?Banking Services Agreement?). The CougarCard is a University student identification/debit card
program providing banking services, such as checking accounts and access to automated teller
machines ("ATMs?), to University students, faculty and staff.

WSUAA grants to BECU a limited, non-exclusive license to use the WSU/WSUAA Marks solely in
connection with the Co-branded Cards and the performance of its rights under this Agreement.
The license includes the creation of plastics, and the establishment, marketing, issuance,
administration, and provision of services related to the Co-branded Cards. All use of the
WSUMWSUAA Marks is subject to prior review and approval by WSUAA, but WSUAA may not
unreasonably withhold, condition, or delay any such approval. BECU will submit requests for such
review and approval no less than ten (10) business days in advance of its proposed use. This
license is transferrable upon any permitted assignment of this Agreement. Except as provided
below, nothing in this Agreement will prohibit WSUAA from granting to other persons a license to
use the WSU/WSUAA Marks in conjunction with any other service or product that is not a credit or
debit card product or program. Notwithstanding the above, WSUAA retains the right without
violating the terms of this Agreement to negotiate with and grant a license to use WSUAA Marks
with other financial institutions for the sole purpose of offering Supporters an airlines reward credit
card as provided in Section 7.b below. BECU agrees that (i) the WSU/WSUAA Marks are, and will
remain, the exclusive property of WSUAA and/or WSU; (ii) it will take no action which will adversely
affect WSUAA?s and/or WSU?s ownership of the WSUAWSUAA Marks; and (iii) any and all goodwill
arising from use of the WSU/AWSUAA Marks by BECU will inure solely to the benefit of WSUAA
and/or WSU, as applicable. BECU will not acquire any proprietary interest in or to the
WSU/WSUAA Marks except the right to use the WSU/WSUAA Marks in accordance with this
Agreement.

License to use BECU Marks. BECU grants to WSUAA a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to
use the BECU Marks in the United States solely in connection with the marketing of the Co-branded
Cards as contemplated by this Agreement. All use of the BECU Marks by WSUAA will be subject
to the prior written approval of BECU, which approval may be withheld for any reason in BECU?s
sole discretion. WSUAA may not sublicense this license without BECU?s prior written approval.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits BECU from granting to other persons a license to use
the BECU Marks in conjunction with the provision of any service or product. WSUAA agrees that
(i) the BECU Marks are, and will remain, the exclusive property of BECU; (ii) it will take no action
which could adversely affect BECU?s exclusive ownership of the BECU Marks; and (iii) any and all
goodwill arising from use of the BECU Marks by WSUAA will inure to the benefit of BECU. Nothing
in this Agreement gives WSUAA any proprietary interest in or to the BECU Marks, except the right
to use the BECU Marks in accordance with this Agreement.

Term. The licenses granted by the parties under this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date
and will continue in effect for the Term of this Agreement. However, with respect to Co-branded
Cards that are issued and outstanding as of the effective date of termination or expiration of this
Agreement, the licenses will continue until the expiration and reissuance of such Co-branded Cards

4820-2177-2950.3
