BECU AFFINITY PROGRAM
MASTER AGREEMENT

THIS BECU AFFINITY PROGRAM MASTER AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) is made by and between BOEING
EMPLOYEES? CREDIT UNION (?BECU,? ?we,? ?us,? or ?our?) and the Affinity Group signing this agreement
below (?Affinity Group?, ?you,? ?your?).

A.

RECITALS

BECU offers certain financial products and services to members of affinity groups ("Members") who
participate in BECU's affinity program (?Program?).

. Affinity Group desires to participate in the Program and make such products and services available to its

Members.

. BECU and Affinity Group desire to set out the terms and conditions under which Affinity Group and its

Members will participate in the Program.

The parties agree to the following Terms and Conditions.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Affinity Program. You and we each agree to participate in BECU's Affinity Program, subject to these
Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of any Statement of Work (?SOW?) entered into in
connection with this Agreement.

Offered Services. We agree to provide the financial products and services (the ?Offered Services?)
described in one or more SOWs that reference this Agreement. The parties may add Offered Services to
this Agreement by executing a new SOW incorporating the added Offered Services.

Fees and Charges. Unless otherwise provided in a SOW, neither party will pay any fees or charges to the
other with respect to the Offered Services.

Marketing to Members.

a. Marketing by Affinity Group. You agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to promote the Program
to Members as mutually agreed upon by both Affinity Group and BECU. You will take into account and,
where reasonably practicable, comply with our advice and recommendations. You agree to use only
those marketing materials we provide to you or that are expressly approved in writing. You will not
make or allow any changes to be made to such materials without our prior written consent, which we
may withhold for any reason, in our sole discretion. You agree to provide us with commercially
reasonable cooperation in connection with our marketing activities.

b. Marketing by BECU. You agree to provide us with reasonable assistance in marketing the Offered
Services to your Members as stated in the SLA. Both parties will agree upon the frequency, content,
terms and conditions of the marketing materials transmitted by Affinity Group. Some marketing efforts
outside a reasonable scope as laid out in the SLA may incur a fee agreed upon by both parties. We
may also conduct commercially reasonable marketing and promotional activities on-site at one or more
of your locations. Such activities may include, among other things, placing brochures, signage or
informational kiosks at your locations and conducting periodic in-person information sessions all
approved in writing by Affinity Group. All of our marketing activities will be subject to reasonable time,
place and manner limitations you may impose, any written policies and procedures you may have in
effect that govern third party marketing activities, and any additional conditions set forth in a SOW.

Hosted Landing Page. We will construct, host and maintain a landing page on our website (?Landing
Page") that will be available to you and to Members via a link from your website or intranet. The Landing
Page will allow Members to access information and/or Offered Services and log-in to their online bank
accounts. You agree to provide (or allow us to install) a link from your website or intranet to the Landing
Page for this purpose.

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 1 of 8
