? the Alaska Airlines/UW co-branded credit card (?Alaska Airlines Signature Credit Card?) or any
similar airline/UW co-branded credit card that might replace the Alaska Airlines Signature
Credit Card program.

?BECU Member? means an individual or entity eligible for and admitted to membership in the
credit union and in good standing as defined by BECU in its sole discretion.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list containing non-duplicate names, with
corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes) and
e-mail addresses of all UWAA Members who are at least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes
or other mutually selected membership characteristics. UWAA Member email addresses will be retained
by UWAA, and the use of UWAA Member emails with respect to the Promotion Program shall be the
responsibility of UWAA at its sole discretion.

"Potential Program Member" means (i) alumni of the University of Washington, (ii) members of
UWAA, and/or (iii) other potential participants mutually agreed to by UWAA and BECU. For clarity,
the definition of ?Potential Program Member? does not include students of the University of
Washington.

?UWAA Member? means an individual association member of UWAA who is a University of
Washington Alumni in current good standing on UWAA?s membership rolls.

"University of Washington" means the University of Washington and any office or department
of, or affiliated or associated with, the University of Washington.

?UWAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UWAA. For clarity, the University of Washington is
not a UWAA Affiliate.

?UWAA Trademarks? means the design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademarks used or acquired by UWAA prior to or during the
term of this Agreement and as set forth in Exhibit B, including the University of Washington
Trademarks contained in Exhibit B.

2. TERM. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date above and expire on June 30,
2023 (the ?Term?), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(a) Renewal. This Agreement may be renewed for an additional three (3) year period upon
mutual written agreement of the parties at least Sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the
initial Term, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, unless otherwise
agreed upon by the Parties.

(b) Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement should the other Party breach a
material term or condition of this Agreement and not cure such breach within (30) days after
receipt of written notice of such breach. The notice will (i) include a description of the material
breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice, as
provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will terminate sixty (60) days after the
Cure Period.

2 of 13
