purchases, obtain cash, and use any other function generally supported by BECU at its sole discretion,
subject to the terms of the account agreements between BECU and cardhoiders ("Account
Agreements?). BECU may at any time in its sole discretion (a) amend the terms and conditions of its
Account Agreements; or (b) change any of the features and/or benefits of the Co-branded Cards.
BECU will make all decisions and bear all risks with respect to BECU membership, and the issuance /
and use of Co-branded Cards, subject to the terms of BECU?s Account Agreements and membership .
requirements.

3. Fees and Records. During the Term of this Agreement, BECU will pay WSUAA the fees described in
the attached Schedule C. BECU will keep and maintain in accordance with its internal records
retention policies and procedures complete and accurate records reflecting transaction data with
respect to Co-branded Cards and the fees payable to WSUAA under this Agreement.

4. Policies and Procedures. BECU will establish, implement, maintain, and amend from time to time in
its sole discretion policies and procedures governing membership, Co-branded Card issuance,
administration, and fraud. For example, BECU will have the sole discretion to determine (a) which, if
any, Co-branded Card is issued to a Supporter, (b) all ATM, debit, and/or credit transaction limits, and
(c) whether to terminate, suspend, or reactivate card privileges.

5. Marketing.

a. Supporters List. WSUAA will make the Supporters List available to BECU for marketing purposes
consistent with this Agreement and applicable law. WSUAA will not include in the Supporters List
the name or any related information of any Supporter who has expressly requested that WSUAA
not provide such Supporter?s personal information to third parties. WWSUAA will provide BECU with
an updated Supporters List from time to time upon BECU?s request. WSUAA authorizes BECU to
solicit Supporters by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements, banking centers,
telephone, or any other means in BECU?s reasonable discretion. The Supporters List will remain
the sole property of WSUAA, except that BECU will own all information it obtains as a result of an
application for an account relationship and the account relationship itself. BECU acknowledges |
that the Supporters List, and all information identified therein, is proprietary and confidential |
information of WSUAA. BECU will protect the Supporters List, and all personal information of the :
Supporters identified therein, in the same manner and with the same degree of care that BECU
protects its own confidential information of a similar nature and shall not disclose the Supporters
List and information contained therein to any third parties except as provided in this Agreement.
BECU may share the Supporters List with third parties to the extent necessary to allow BECU to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, subject to the same terms and restrictions to which
BECU is subject under this Agreement. BECU will use the Supporters List only for its own purposes
as set forth in this Agreement and for no other purpose.

:
|

b. Marketing Activities. BECU will market and promote Co-branded Cards as it deems appropriate,
at its own cost and expense, and using any marketing channels it selects, in its sole discretion.
BECU will also have the right, but not any obligation, to market other products and services to
Supporters as may be selected by BECU from time to time. WSUAA will have the right to review
and approve all marketing, promotional, and solicitation materials that bear or contain a
WSUMWSUAA Mark, but WSUAA may not unreasonably withhold, condition, or delay any such
approval. WSUAA?s right to approve marketing, promotion and solicitation material shall not
include the right to approve statements, disclosures, acknowledgments and notices that are
required by applicable federal and state laws governing the solicitation and marketing of financial
products by financial institutions .

c. Cooperation by WSUAA. WSUAA will, within a de minimis reason, at its own cost and expense,
use commercially reasonable efforts to support the marketing and advertising of Co-branded Cards.
Among other things, WSUAA will provide BECU with such information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by BECU in developing, coordinating, and implementing its marketing
activities, provided WSUAA does not incur a significant expense and time commitment in providing

4820-2177-2950.3
