11.

12.

Insolvency. Either party may, upon written notice to the other, terminate this Agreement if the
other party: (i) files for bankruptcy, (ii) becomes or is declared insolvent, (ili) is the subject of any
proceedings (not dismissed within sixty (60) days) related to its liquidation, insolvency, or the
appointment of a receiver or similar officer, (iv) makes an assignment for the benefit of all or
substantially all of its creditors, (v) takes any corporate action for its winding-up, dissolution, or
administration, or (vi) enters into an agreement for the extension or readjustment of substantially
all of its obligations.

BECU Termination Rights. BECU may terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a material
breach by WSUAA involving confidentiality or security. BECU may also terminate this Agreement
upon written notice to WSUAA if the WSU/WSUAA Marks infringe, misappropriate, or violate any
third party?s intellectual property rights and WSUAA fails to cure such infringement within thirty (30)
days after receipt of written notice of such infringement.

WSUAA Termination Rights. WSUAA may terminate this Agreement immediately if there is a
material breach by BECU involving confidential Supporters? information. WSUAA may also
terminate this Agreement upon written notice to BECU if the BECU Marks infringe, misappropriate,
or violate any third party's intellectual property rights and BECU fails to cure such infringement
within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such infringement.

Notice to Supporters. Each party will have the right of prior review and approval of any notice to
Supporters in connection with the termination of this Agreement, which approval will not be withheld
unreasonably.

Effects of Termination. Upon the effective date of the expiration or any termination of this Agreement
(the ?Termination Date?):

a.

All obligations of the parties under this Agreement will cease except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement;

BECU will not issue any more Co-branded Cards.
BECU?s obligation to pay fees under this Agreement will cease.

WSUAA will not cause, or attempt to cause, the removal of WSUAVSUAA Marks from any Co-
branded Cards outstanding on the Termination Date.

BECU may, but will not be obligated to, replace any outstanding Co-branded Cards with any debit
card or credit card product that BECU offers that does not use any WSUAA Marks. Unless so
replaced, cardholders may continue to use all Co-branded Cards issued prior to the Termination
Date (and the licenses granted under this Agreement will continue) through and including the next
expiration or "valid thru" date associated with each such Co-branded Card. BECU may reissue
debit cards and credit cards to all such existing Co-Branded Card cardholders at one time or as
such debit cards or credit cards become subject to renewal and reissue, in BECU?s sole discretion.
WSUAA understands and agrees that BECU?s license to use the WSU/WSUAA Marks will continue
after the Termination Date of this Agreement until all such Co-Branded Cards are no longer in use
by such cardholders. This Section will survive the termination of this Agreement.

In addition to the restrictions described in Section 7.c above, except with respect to airline rewards
cards as provided in Subsection 7.b hereof, WSUAA will not directly or indirectly, target any offer
of any debit card or credit card product to Supporters while this Agreement remains in effect.

Indemnification. Each party agrees to indemnify and defend the other, together with its affiliates,

subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives, from and against any and all
liability, claims, suits, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys? fees) (collectively, ?Claims?) to the extent that they arise out of or relate

4820-2177-2950.3

