15.

16.

17.

18.

will disclose to UWAA any ?non-public personally identifiable information? (?NPPI?) of its
BECU Members as defined under the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or
regulations applicable to BECU regarding that act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party
disclosing Information to its agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 12 by their
agents.

COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.

The Parties will comply with all applicable law, including, without limitation, the Truth in
Lending Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and the Credit
Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT.

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Washington applicable to agreements made and performed entirely within the State,
notwithstanding any conflict of laws rules contained therein. Venue for any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating this Agreement, shall be the Washington State Superior
Court located in Seattle, King County, Washington.

WAIVER.

No waiver by either Party of any breach or default shall be deemed a waiver of any prior or
subsequent default of the same or other provisions of this Agreement.

SEVERABILITY.

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will
not affect the remainder of this Agreement which will survive and be construed as if such invalid
or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and the Parties hereto shall immediately
commence negotiations in good faith to reform this Agreement to make alternative provisions
herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in a manner that does not
run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.

Each Party shall exercise its rights under this Agreement as an independent entity, and shall
under no circumstances be deemed to be an agent, partner or joint venture of the other. Neither
Party shall have the authority to bind nor obligate the other, except as expressly provided herein.

SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.
Neither Party shall assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written

consent of the other Party. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
and shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

9 of 13
