JOINT MARKETING AND SPONSORHIP AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
AND
BOEING EMPLOYEES? CREDIT UNION

This Agreement is entered into as of this /4 day of Mary, 2015 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between Boeing Employees? Credit Union, a Washington state chartered credit union, having its
principal place of business in Tukwila, Washington (?BECU?), and University of Washington Alumni
Association, a Washington non-profit corporation, having its principal place of business in Seattle,
Washington (?UWAA?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns (each of which may
be referred to herein as a ?Party? or collectively as ?Parties?).

WHEREAS, UWAA currently has 55,000 association members and represents more than
370,000 University of Washington (?UW?) alumni; and

WHEREAS, UWAA and BECU agree to enter a mutually beneficial, cooperative marketing and
sponsorship relationship to promote BECU/UW co-branded credit cards to UWAA members, UW
alumni, and UW supporters eligible for BECU membership (the ?Promotion Program?); and

WHEREAS, both Parties desire to engage in cooperative marketing efforts to promote
BECU/UW co-branded credit cards in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
UWAA and BECU agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and
phrases will have the meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?BECU Trademarks? means the design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademarks used or acquired by BECU prior to or during the
term of this Agreement and as set forth in Exhibit A.

?BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards? means products and devices issued by BECU to access
personal credit offered to BECU Members, which are co-branded with UWAA Trademarks and
promoted jointly with UWAA as described in this Agreement. BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards
may include, if offered by BECU, a card program with or without an associated rebate/rewards program
designed by BECU (which program may allow either cash rebates or product rewards for card usage, as
set forth in the program). BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Cards may also include a product and device
to access an ?entry-level? credit card program, or the functional equivalent of any such product, targeted
to new or potential BECU Members or to BECU Members with limited or non-existent credit history.
The definition of Credit Card shall not include:

e University of Washington?s debit card Master Card program with BECU, as such program is

structured and delineated as of the Effective Date of this Agreement,
? any other debit card program, or

1 of 13
