(d) UWAA will have the right of prior approval of all BECU/UW Co-branded Credit Card
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by BECU that contain a UWAA Trademark or a
University of Washington Trademark; such approval will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.

(e) UWAA will make its Marketing List available to BECU for the purposes of the
Promotion Program and as needed to conduct the cooperative marketing set forth in Section 3.
UWAA will not include in the Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any
UW alum who has expressly requested that UWAA not provide his/her personal information to
third parties. At any time during the term of this Agreement, upon BECU?s reasonable request,
UWAA will provide BECU an updated, then-current Marketing List. BECU shall use the
Marketing List once for the marketing or promotional task at hand, and shall not reuse it. BECU
shall only keep copies of information derived from the Marketing List for archival and record-
keeping purposes necessary for regulatory, business operation or BECU Member account
servicing requirements. BECU shall request and UWAA shall provide an updated Marketing List
for each subsequent marketing or promotional task. BECU will use the Marketing List provided
pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this Agreement and will not permit
anyone handling the Marketing List to use it for any other purpose.

Subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and Applicable Law, BECU acknowledges
that UWAA owns all the rights, title and interest in and to the Marketing List and warrants that
BECU will not allow any third party to use the Marketing List for marketing products or services
not contemplated by this Agreement. UWAA acknowledges and agrees that BECU may disclose
the Marketing List to its third party service providers solely to fulfill the purposes of this
Agreement. Any such third party service providers to whom BECU discloses the Marketing List
will be subject to the same terms of confidentiality, non-disclosure and limitation on use
applicable to BECU under the terms of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits UWAA from granting to other persons a license to use the Marketing List in
conjunction with the providing any other service or product, other than UWAA or University of
Washington co-branded credit cards.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BECU

(a) BECU will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Promotion Program in
consultation with UWAA.

(b) BECU, at its own expense, will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional
materials used in the Promotion Program except for materials which UWAA elects to develop on
its own for any UWAA promotional effort. BECU reserves the right of prior written approval of
all materials concerning or related to the Promotion Program that may be developed by or on
behalf of UWAA.

(c) BECU shall protect the Marketing Lists in the same manner and with the same degree of
care that BECU protects its own confidential information of similar nature. The Marketing List
is and will remain the sole property of UWAA. However, BECU may maintain separately and
will own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for
an account relationship. This information becomes a part of BECU's files and will not be subject
to this Agreement; provided however that BECU will not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by UWAA, except as provided hereunder.

5 of 13
