Agreement, will be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such provisions, rights or remedies,
which will remain in full force and effect. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, each party's
rights and remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies that the parties may
have at law or in equity.

e. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any SOWs, constitutes the complete and exclusive
statement of the agreement between the parties as to its subject matter and supersedes all previous
agreements.

f. Amendments. This Agreement and any SOW may not be amended or modified except by a written
amendment signed by the parties.

g. Conflicting Terms. If the terms of any SOW conflict with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement
will control unless the applicable SOW expressly states that its terms control.

h. Assignment; Subcontracting. You agree that you may not assign any of your rights or delegate any of
your responsibilities under this Agreement or any SOW without our prior written consent, which may be
withheld for any reason. You agree that we may assign any of our rights or subcontract or delegate
any of our responsibilities without your consent. However, we will remain primarily liable for the
performance of any subcontractors.

i. Force Majeure. Neither you nor we will be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting
from acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, fire, flood, labor disputes, strikes, war, epidemics,
pandemics, shortage of power, telecommunications or Internet service interruptions, third . party
networks or other acts or causes reasonably beyond the control of that party. The party experiencing
the force majeure event agrees to give the other party notice promptly following the occurrence of a
force majeure event, and to use diligent efforts to re-commence performance as promptly as
commercially practicable

j. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or any SOW is held to be unenforceable or invalid, the
remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

k. Relationship of the Parties. The parties expressly agree they are acting as independent contractors.
Under no circumstances will any employee of one party be deemed an employee of the other for any
purpose. This Agreement may not be construed as authority for either party to act for the other party in
any agency or other capacity, or to make commitments of any kind for the account of or on behalf of the
other.

|. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of BECU and Affinity Group. Nothing
in this Agreement may be deemed to create any third party beneficiary rights in any Member or any
other person or entity not a party to this Agreement.

m. Counterparts; Signatures. This Agreement and any SOWs may be executed in counterparts, each of
which will be deemed an original and which together will constitute one instrument. The parties may
execute this Agreement and any SOW in the form of an electronic record using electronic signatures,
as such terms are defined in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15
U.S.C. ?7001 et seq.). Electronic signatures by either party transmitted by facsimile or electronically
via pdf or similar file delivery method, will have the same effect as an original signature.

20. Effective Date. This Agreement will be effective as of the e/a day of Aol , 20 /t :

BECU UWAA Affinity Program Master Agreement (Rev. 4/25/17) Page 7 of 8
