AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

. on This Sponsor Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of __ May 30.2014 __ between Christian
y Community Credit Union (hereinafter referred to as ?CCCU?)

and Biola University, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as ?Sponsor?).
WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, CCCU is a member of MasterCard International, Inc. (?MasterCard?) and a member of Visa
U.S.A., Inc. (?Visa?) and acknowledges its responsibility to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and
the operating regulations of MasterCard and Visa; and

WHEREAS, Sponsor and CCCU desire to cooperate in the issuance and distribution of CCCU's
MasterCard cards and/or Visa cards (hereinafter referred to as ?Credit Cards?) under an agreed Sponsor
card program (hereinafter referred to as an ?Sponsor Plan?) under which CCCU will provide certain
services for Sponsor either through third-parties (?Processors?) or in-house activities; and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions herein, and other goods
and valuable consideration, the parties hereto have agreed and do hereby agree as follows:

1. Issuance _of Credit Cards. CCCU may issue a Credit Card to such of those persons whose
completed applications are received by CCCU and who are approved for credit by CCCU. Applications
submitted to CCCU shall be used only for the purpose of securing the acceptance and use of the Credit Card.
All credit decisions shall be made by CCCU, in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Cards issued on
behalf of Sponsor will show on the face thereof the legal name of Sponsor and Sponsor?s logo, if
appropriate and in keeping with the established guidelines of MasterCard or Visa, along with CCCU?s name
on the back of the card. In the event that Sponsor or its parent: (1) files for bankruptcy (either voluntarily
or involuntarily): (2) is taken over or placed into receivership by the applicable federal or state
laax governmental or quasi- governmental entity or agency; or (3) is subject to any form of regulatory action or
event (including, but not limited to, issuance of a cease and desist order); then CCCU has the right,
upon thirty (30) days? prior written notice, to issue Credit Cards solely in its own name and without any
reference to Sponsor thereon. CCCU shall bear all expenses relating to the manufacturing and production
of the plastic cards. In the event of any change in its name and logo, Sponsor shall bear and promptly
reimburse CCCU for any additional expenses incurred by CCCU in connection with any mutually agreed
upon implementation of the
usage of the altered name and logo.

2. Cardholders and Accounts. The issuance and use of all Credit Cards to those persons whose
applications are submitted to CCCU by Sponsor shall be subject to a contract between such person and
CCCU. Terms of the contract will include but not be limited to the interest rate established by CCCU and
the method by which the interest is calculated and charges, fees if any, and other features of the Credit
Cards. All cards issued hereunder, cardholder accounts, outstanding balances in respect thereto and all
records developed and maintained by CCCU in connection therewith shall be the property of CCCU and
shall be issued and serviced in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Account
information will be provided to Sponsor only to the extent allowed by federal regulations that protect the
cardholder?s privacy.

3. Statements and Payments. CCCU shall render statements to each cardholder whose approved
application was submitted by Sponsor, which statements shall be substantially in the form and contain such
information as may be required by law. All payments made by cardholder shall be remitted to CCCU. It is
understood that CCCU may include any materials in the mailing of cardholder statements or other non-
credit card material that CCCU deems appropriate.

4. Exclusive Agency. So long as CCCU is not in default of its obligations hereunder, Sponsor agrees
that CCCU shall have the exclusive right to perform the card services contemplated by this Agreement.

a 5. Service by CCCU.
a. CCCU shall provide the following services to Sponsor:
(1) CCCU will pay for all servicing cost.

Revision 5-22-14 Page 1
