Why do my devices keep connecting to BT Wi-fi instead of my BT Hub? BT Help. Why do my devices keep connecting to BT Wi-fi instead ofmy BT Hub?. This usually happens when you use your devices out and about with one of BT Wi-fi's millions ofhotspots. To make sure you're connected to your Hub and are on the best connection, turn yourdevice's wi-fi off and then back on. This will help reset the connection and get you back on the bestspeeds. If this doesn't work, click on a dropdown to get help with your device or computer operating system. If you're using other wireless management software, check the user documentation. Windows 10. If your computer keeps connecting to BT Wi-fi, Fon or Openzone instead of your Hub:. 1.Make sure you're on the desktop view by pressing and holding the Windows key and Dtogether. Then left-click on the wireless network icon in the system tray. 2.Click on the name of your Hub wireless network to connect. 3.If asked, enter the wireless password. Windows 8. If your computer keeps connecting to BT Wi-fi, Fon or Openzone instead of your Hub:. 1.Make sure you're on the desktop view by pressing and holding the Windows key and Dtogether. Then left-click on the wireless network icon in the system tray. 2.Click on the name of your Hub wireless network to connect. 3.If asked, enter the wireless password. Windows Vista and Windows 7 Wireless Network Connection Manager. If you have connected to BT Wi-fi (or BT FON or Openzone) in the past it will appear in yourlist of preferred networks. (An example is highlighted here in red.) This screen can beaccessed by clicking. Start > Control Panel > Network & Internet > Network and SharingCentre. From the Network Sharing Centre click on the "Manage wireless networks" link. When you switch on your computer, it attempts to connect to the networks listed in the orderthey appear. So if BT Wi-fi appears further up the list than your BT Hub and both are in rangethen you will connect to BT Wi-fi. There are three ways to get round this. Move your BT Hub so it is higher in the list than BT Wi-fi. Do this by selecting your Hub in the list and clicking on the "Move up" button until it isabove BT Wi-fi. Change BT Wi-fi so that it requires a manual connection. Select BT Wi-fi in the list and click on the. Properties. button. Select the Connection tab and make sure the tick is removed from the "Connect when this network is inrange" box. Remove the BT Wi-fi entry if you don't want it any more. Select BT Wi-fi in the list and click on the Remove button. Windows XP Wireless Auto Confi guration. If you have connected to BT Wi-fi, BT Fon or Openzone in the past, it will have beenautomatically added to the list of your preferred wireless networks. 1.Double click the "Wireless Connection" icon from the System Tray. If the wirelessconnection icon is not available in the System Tray, click. Start > Control Panel > Network Connections, double click on the "Wireless Network Connection". 2.The following window appears. Click Properties. 3.Click the Wireless Networks tab. 4.When you switch on your computer, it attempts to connect to the networks listed in theorder they appear. So if BT Wi-fi is higher in the list than your BT Hub and both wirelessnetworks are in range then you will be automatically connected to BT Wi-fi. There are three ways to get round this:. Move your BT Hub so it is higher in the list than BT Wi-fi. Select your Hub in the list and click on the. Move up. button until it is above BTWi-fi. Change BT Wi-fi so that it requires a manual connection. Select "BT Wi-fi" in the list and click on the Properties button. Select the Connection tab and ensure the tick is removed from the "Connect when thisnetwork is in range" box. Remove the BT Wi-fi entry if you don't need it any more. Select "BT Wi-fi" in the list and click on Remove button. Your computer may also be configured to allow automatic connection to non-securednetworks (BT Wi-fi, BT FON and Openzone are all non-secured networks). To stop thisfrom happening click on the. Advanced button in the window shown below. In the nextwindow, make sure that "Automatically connect to non-preferred networks" is not ticked(highlighted in the screen below). 5.Wait a few seconds. The wireless icon on the System Tray will go into searching modeand should connect to your BT Hub immediately. Apple Mac OSX. If you have connected to BT Wi-fi, BT Fon or Openzone in the past, it will have beenautomatically added to the list of your preferred wireless networks. 1.Click on the Airport icon and select Open Network Preferences. 2.Click the Advanced button towards the bottom. 3.Find the name of your BT Hub and drag it to the top of the list if required. 4. Click OK to finish. Because your Hub is now at the top of the list, your Mac will now automatically try to connectto it first before any network you might have connected to in the past. Apple iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch. Follow these instructions:. 1.Go to Settings. 2.Select Wi-Fi. 3.Click on the name of your Hub wireless network to connect. 4.If asked, enter the wireless password