British Telecommunications. Fix problems with Complete Wi-Fi. When you first plug in your Hub, please wait for it to sync - this usually takes about four minutes. Light status - What it means and What to do. Blue:Your Hub is connected to your broadband ok:If you can't get online, it might be your device. Try switching your device off and on. No light:The power is off or the lights have been turned off using the Hub Manager:Check that the Hub is plugged in, switched on and that its lights haven't been turned off in the Hub Manager. If this doesn't fix your issue, contact us. Green:Your Hub is starting up:Wait for at least three minutes for it to turn blue. If it stays green, turn your Hub off and on again. If the light still doesn't turn blue, use a paper clip to press your Hub's factory reset button. If this doesn't fix your issue, please contact us. Flashing orange:Your Hub is connecting to broadband:Give it at least three minutes to connect. The light will turn blue when your Hub is ready. Flashing purple:Your Hub is working but the broadband cable isn't connected:Check if the broadband cable (grey ends) is plugged in correctly. And if you're using a filter, check that's plugged in correctly too. Orange:Your Hub is working but isn't connected to the internet:Connect a device to your Hub. Open a new web browser window and follow the on-screen help wizard to get connected. Red:There's a problem somewhere:Using the Power button, turn your Hub off and on again. If the light still doesn't turn blue, use a paper clip to press your Hub's factory reset button. If this doesn't fix your issue, please contact us. Purple:Your Hub is connected to the EE mobile network via Hybrid Connect:This may be because your broadband connection isn't set up yet, or because there's an issue with your broadband. WPS button. . flashing:If it's flashing blue, it's waiting for you to press the WPS button on your computer or device (you've got two minutes). If it's flashing red, it didn't connect - give it a couple of minutes and try again.