BYU | ALUMNI

be responsible for paying any deductible or retention under its policies. Sponsor shall furnish BYU with
certificates of insurance evidencing its compliance with the provisions of this section. BYU also retains the
right to waive one or more requirements of this section, which waiver shall be confirmed in writing.

Production Expenses. Sponsor shall be responsible for paying production expenses associated with the
preparation of marketing and promotional materials. BYU either will (i) present such costs for Sponsor?s
direct payment, or (ii) if requested by Sponsor, assume such costs and reflect them to Sponsor for
payment as additional expenses.

Audience. BYU in no way represents, promises, or guarantees an amount of impressions, views, or ?clicks?
in connection with the Sponsorship Materials, nor has BYU made any express or implied representation of
any amount of receipts of proceeds, if any, will be derived from any Sponsorship Materials. Any ratings,
audience estimates, or impression estimates provided by BYU are based on data provided by a third party
and are for informational purposes only, and BYU specifically disclaims and makes no representations and
warranties, expressed or implied, relating thereto.

Effect of Breach. If Sponsor fails to make timely payment of the sponsorship amounts by the applicable
payment dates set forth in the Contract and Payment Terms section (and fails to cure such non-payment
within ten (10) days after receiving from BYU written notice thereof), then BYU reserves the right, but is
not obligated, to suspend delivery (or provision) to Sponsor of any further sponsorship recognitions or
benefits under this Agreement and/or to terminate this Agreement effective upon written notice from
BYU to Sponsor. If Sponsor breaches the Trademarks section (including, without limitation, any
unauthorized use of BYU?s Trademarks), then BYU reserves the right to terminate this Agreement
effective upon written notice from BYU to Sponsor

Sponsor agrees that if any charges incurred are not paid by the applicable due date and if, for the
purposes of collecting the amount due, BYU should retain an attorney or collection agency, Sponsor will
pay all costs of collection, including reasonable interest, reasonable attorney?s fees, and reasonable
collection agency fees, which may be based on a percentage at a maximum of forty percent (40%) of the
debt.

Sponsor also agrees to allow BYU or its agent to contact Sponsor by e-mail or telephone (including via cell
phone) in an effort to collect the debt. Sponsor also authorizes BYU or its agent to use automated
telephone dialing equipment, and to use artificial or pre- recorded voice messages in their efforts to
contact Sponsor. Further Sponsor understands that Sponsor may withdraw consent to call Sponsor?s cell
phone number by submitting a request in writing to BYU or in writing to the applicable agent contacting
Sponsor on behalf of BYU.

Warranties, Representations and Indemnification. Sponsor warrants and represents that it has obtained
all necessary licenses (including music and other copyright licenses), assignments, clearances, releases
(including talent releases), and permissions required for the distribution, performance, broadcast,
reproduction, and exploiting of the Sponsorship Materials as may be contemplated under this Agreement.
Neither the Sponsorship Materials, nor anything contained in the Sponsorship Materials, nor the
distribution, performance, broadcast, and full exploitation of the Sponsorship Materials, nor the exercise
of any right granted BYU under this Agreement does or will violate or infringe upon any rights of any kind

Page 3 of 5
