BYU | ALUMNI

or nature whatsoever of any third person or entity. Sponsor shall indemnify, defend, save, and hold
harmless BYU and its officers, directors, trustees, employees, affiliates, and agents, and their successors,
licensees, sub- distributors, and assigns, from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, judgments,
damages, causes of action, penalties, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys? fees), incurred
or sustained by reason of, or resulting from the content of the Sponsorship Materials, any breach or
alleged breach of any warranty, representation, or agreement by Sponsor herein, from any reliance by
BYU upon any such warranty, representation or agreement, or from any exploitation of the rights granted
to BYU hereunder. The foregoing warranties, indemnities, and representations shall survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Release of Liability Related to Promotional Items. Sponsor hereby releases, and shall indemnify, defend,
save, and hold harmless, BYU and its officers, directors, trustees, employees, affiliates, and agents, and
their successors, licensees, sub-distributors, and assigns, from and against any and all claims, liability,
losses, damage, and/or destruction to business property, equipment, automobiles, or other promotional
items that are owned, licensed, and/or controlled by Sponsor and used for advertising, sponsorships,
promotions, or other business purposes (including on BYU?s campus) in connection with the subject
matter of this Agreement; provided, however, that this release shall not extend to negligence or willful
misconduct on the part of BYU.

Unforeseen Events. Should BYU, due to public emergency or necessity, legal restrictions, pre-empted
broadcasts, labor disputes, strikes, boycotts, acts of God or similar reasons, including, but not limited to,
mechanical breakdowns beyond the control and without the fault of BYU, be unable to perform any of its
obligations hereunder, it shall not be liable to Sponsor except to the extent of (i) providing suitable ?make
goods? approved by Sponsor and BYU, or (ii) allowing a pro rata rate reduction on Sponsor?s payments
under this Agreement. Sponsor agrees, if for any reason there are any changes to the benefits to be
provided it at any time during the Term, then BYU, on Sponsor?s behalf, will use its best efforts to acquire
similar make-good benefits as are mutually agreeable to Sponsor and BYU. If Sponsor and BYU are unable
to agree mutually upon any such make-good benefits, then BYU will promptly give Sponsor a pro rata
credit (or, if necessary, a pro rata refund of fees already paid) for benefits not already provided
hereunder. This section identifies Sponsor?s sole remedy(ies) with respect to the above-recited event(s).

Assignment. This Agreement is personal to Sponsor. Neither this Agreement nor any of Sponsor?s rights
hereunder shall be sold, transferred, or assigned by Sponsor without BYU?s prior written approval, and no
rights shall devolve by operation of law or otherwise upon any Sponsor assignee, receiver, liquidator,
trustee or other party. Any such unauthorized assignment shall be void and of no effect unless approved
by BYU in writing. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon any approved Sponsor
assignee or successor, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of BYU, its successors, and permitted
assigns.

Termination. In the event Sponsor?s business practices, principles or advertising/promotions are or
become inconsistent with BYU?s dignity, mission, or character, as an institution of higher education
administered by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, BYU may terminate this Agreement upon
ten (10) days? written notice to Sponsor. In such a termination, BYU may refund a pro-rata amount of the
current Contract Year?s payment based on the date of termination.

Page 4of 5
