the date of such termination for rights and benefits not received from JMIS under this Agreement as a result of termination, and any
amounts due to JMIS in accordance under this Agreement for benefits received prior to such termination shall be paid to JMIS within
thirty (30) days of Spansor?s receipt of notice of such termination. Termination of this Agreement for any reason provided herein
shall not relieve either party from its obligation to perform up to the effective date of such termination.

E. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, the obligations set forth in Section 12, 15, 16, 18, 20 and
21 shall survive.

17. Unforeseen Events. Should JMIS, due to public emergency or necessity, legal restrictions, labor disputes, strikes, boycotts,
acts af God or similar reasons, including, but not limited to, mechanical breakdowns beyond the control and without the fault of
JMIS, be unable to perfarm any of its obligations hereunder, it shall not be liable to Sponsor except to the extent of (i) providing
suitable ?make goods? approved by Sponsor and JMIS or (ii) allowing a pro rata rate reduction on Sponsor's payments under this
Agreement. Sponsor agrees, if for any reason there are any changes to the benefits to be provided it at any time during the Term,
then JMIS, on Sponsor?s behalf, will use its best efforts to acquire similar make-good benefits as are mutually agreeable to Sponsor
and JMIS. If Sponsor and JMIS are unable to agree mutually upon any such make-good benefits, then JMIS will promptly give
Sponsor a pro rata credit (or, if necessary, a pro rata refund of fees already paid) for benefits not already provided hereunder.

18. Assignment. Neither party (except In the case of JMIS pursuant to Section 16(D) and Section 19) may sell, transfer or assign
this Agreement, or delegate any duties or obligations herein, without the other party's prior written approval. Any unauthorized
assignment shall be void and of no effect unless approved by the other party in writing. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
shall be binding upon any approved assignee or successor, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of each party, its successors
and assigns.

1g, Notice of Default. Sponsor hereby acknowledges and irrevocably consents to the grant by JMIS to the Collateral Trustee of
a security interest in this Agreement and all moneys payable or distributable under this Agreement that are payable to JMIS, subject
to the terms of the loan documents between JMIS and its lender. Sponsor agrees to provide a copy of any notice and event of
default or termination of this Agreement to the appointed Collateral Trustee representative and to provide the Collateral Trustee
with the opportunity to cure any such default within 30 days after the date of such notice. Such notice shall be as set forth in Section
20 of this Agreement. The parties shall not enter into or consent to any supplement, amendment or other modification of this
Agreement that affects the rights of the Collateral Trustee under this paragraph without the prior written consent of the Collateral
Trustee. JMIS shall be solely responsible for securing any such consents which may be required. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 19, the granting of a security interest in the monies payable or distributable under this Agreement does not
include any monies that are payable or distributable directly to the University by the Sponsor pursuant to this Agreement or upon
demand by the University.

20. Notice. All notices provided for or allowed herein must be in writing and will be considered effective when delivered
personally (by courier service or otherwise); when delivered by email and confirmed by return email notice; three days after being
mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested; or two days after being deposited with an overnight
courier, in each case, to the appropriate party as set forth below.

JMS
JMIS Kentucky, LLC

Attn: Kim Ramsay

546 E Main Street, First Floor
Lexington, KY 40508

with a Copy ta:

Dinsmore & Shohl LLP

Attn: Jason Sims

Lexington Financial Center

250 West Main Street, Suite 1400
Lexington, KY 40507
