12. indemnification.

A. JMIS agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sponsor and its affiliated companies, members, officers,
directors, agents, employees, and shareholders of and from any and all claims, demands and causes of actions, including reasonable
attorney's fees and other legal costs, arising out of (i) any breach by JMIS of any provision of this Agreement ; {ii) any negligent,
grossly negligent, willful, or intentional acts or omissions of JMIS or any of their officers, agents or employees in their performance

of this Agreement; and/or (iti) any claim that the Approved Marks, commercial advertising and merchandising elements sublicensed
to Sponsor hereunder infringe the trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights of a third party.

8. Sponsor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sponsor and their affiliated companies, members,
officers, directors, agents, employees, and shareholders of and from any and all claims, demands and causes of actions, including
reasonable attorney's fees and other legal costs, arising out of: (i) the intentional or negligent acts or omissions of Sponsor, its
officers employees, agents, or contractors while engaged in any activity or in preparation for engaging in any activity authorized by
this Agreement; (ii) any breach or default by Sponsor of the representations, warranties or other obligations contained herein;
and/or (iii) any Sponsor advertisement including, without limitation, any claims or liabilities for libel, slander, illega! or unfair
competition or trade practices; infringement of trademarks, trade names or logos of third parties or the University (other than the
name of the University and the Approved Marks as authorized in this Agreement); violations of rights of privacy, publicity,
infringements of copyrights or music performance rights and/or other proprietary rights; or advertisements which are otherwise
contrary to law,

13. Production Expenses. Sponsor shall also be responsible for paying production expenses associated with the preparation of
all marketing materials related to the Affinity Cards and its marketing rights granted hereunder. To the extent that JMIS would incur
such costs, JMIS either will (i) present such costs for Sponsor's direct payment or (ii) if requested by Sponsor, pay such costs and
reflect them to Sponsor as additional expenses.

14. Preparation of Promotional/Sponsorship Recognitions. JMIS is responsible for providing publication space or spot-
advertisement locations for Sponsor-prepared promational/sponsorship recognitions or advertising. Advertising production, video
or graphics production, talent charges and service charges, if any, are not covered under this Agreement and remain Sponsor's sole
responsibility, but can be obtained for an additional service fee. Sponsor is responsible for timely submitting to JMIS its
advertisements, promotional/sponsorship recognitions, graphics, LED designs, video-board features and/or Internet displays, as
applicable, for elements listed in this Agreement (?Sponsorship Materials?). Sponsorship Materials provided by or on behalf of
Sponsor shall be subject to JMIS approval, which, hereunder, shall not be deemed approval as to conformity with any federal, state
or local laws or regulations. If JMIS has not received from Sponsor its applicable Sponsorship Materials for publication, distribution
or display by the deadline date established by JMIS and provided to Sponsor in writing, or if Sponsor submits to JMIS copy
corrections of Sponsorship Materials after the deadline date, then JMIS shall not be obligated to publish Sponsorship Materials or
corrected Sponsorship Materials, whichever the case may be. JMIS? failure to publish Sponsorship Materials or corrected
Sponsorship Materials due to Sponsor's faiture to meet the deadline date, however, shall in no way relieve Sponsor of any of its
obligations and duties under this Agreement, including its obligation to submit payments in full, as set forth in Sections 4 and 5.

15. Compliance.

A. In connection with Sponsor's activities under this Agreement, Sponsor agrees to comply with: (a) all applicable
laws; (b) to the extent applicable, the policies, rules and regulations of both University and any athletics conference to which
University belongs during the Term (provided JMIS gives Sponsor such policies, rules and regulations in writing, and the obligation of
Sponsor to comply with such policies, rules and regulations shall take effect upon Sponsor?s receipt of such policies, rules and
regulations); and {c) to the extent applicable, the NCAA's constitution, bylaws and rules (publicly available at www.ncaa.org). This
obligation (to the extent applicable) includes, but is not limited to, the obligation to comply with NCAA bylaws and rules restricting
use of a student-athlete?s name or likeness.

B. JMIS and Sponsor acknowledge and agree that certain federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations

prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students, underage persons and others (collectively,
the "Protected Consumers") as described in those laws and implementing regulations. JMIS and Sponsor further acknowledge and

aos
