SPORTS

Contract #: 99837
Date: April 7, 2017

Sponsor: Central Bancshares, Inc.
Attn: Steve Kelly
300 W. Vine Street
Lexington, KY 40507

Bill To: Central Bank & Trust Co
Attn: Steve Kelly
PO Box 1360
Lexington, KY 40588

This Affinity Card Program & Marketing Agreement (?Agreement?) relates to certain credit card branding, on-campus sponsorship
Opportunities and the other advertising and promotional related the University of Kentucky (?University?) as set forth herein. JMIS
Kentucky, LLC (?JMIS?), by agreement with the University, holds the subject rights and has the right to grant the benefits set forth in
this Agreement. Accordingly, Sponsor and JMIS agree the following terms and conditions are applicable to this Agreement.

DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT, SPONSOR SHALL RECEIVE:

1 Affinity Card Program. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, JMIS grants Sponsor the right to use the
Approved Marks (as defined below}: (A) on a customized credit card issued by Sponsor (?Affinity Card?); and (B) in connection with
the advertising, marketing and promotion of the Affinity Card. JMIS understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any
credit relationship between a Customer and Sponsor will be governed exclusively by a cardholder agreement to be created and
issued by Sponsor in Sponsor?s sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, the term ?Customer? means any person or entity
that applies for and receives an Affinity Card.

2 Marketing Rights for the Affinity Card. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, JMIS shall also Provide
Sponsor the following marketing rights for the marketing and promotion of the Affinity Card during the Term:

laventary {tem

Direct Mailing to University Alumni & Donars
Full-page Ad in UK Alumni Association Quarterly Magazine
Banner Ad in UK Alumni Association Monthly E-Newsletter
Dedicated Email Blast to University Alumni & Donars
Banner Ads on UK Alumni Association Homepage

Mailings
Print
Digital
Email Blasts

| Digital

With respect to any of the above direct mail rights, Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that its shall provide JMIS?s third party mailing
house with its marketing and promotional materials, which shall be subject to JMIS?s reasonable approval pursuant to the terms
herein, and JMIS?s mailing house will distribute such materials in accordance with the schedule set forth above, at Sponsor?s sole
cost and expense.

4x per Contract Year

4x per Contract Year
1x per calendar month
2x per Contract Year

Continuous

3. Contract Period, Unless terminated earlier as provided for herein, this Agreement is effective for five (5) years,
commencing on May 1, 2017 and ending on June 30, 2022 {the ?Initial Term?). Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement
shall automatically renew for additional successive one (1) year terms unless either party provides written notice of nonrenewal at
least 90 days prior to the end of the then-current term (each a "Renewal Term? and together with the Initial Term, the "Term?), or

-1-
