ARTICLE 7. SMU Licensed Trademarks

7.1 SMU ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs, images,
visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Southern Methodist University provided to
Commerce by SMU for licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and financial
services programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by SMU. SMU will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which SMU provides to
Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to SMU upon the
request of SMU, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of cards or
advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to SMU,
may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this Agreement, and Commerce agrees that
such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not attempt to cause the
removal of SMU's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's credit devices, checks or
records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement. Commerce
agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other action, which
might affect SMU?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks. Commerce understands
and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to SMU?s exclusive benefit and that
Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may make of the Licensed
Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of SMU as SMU may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically granted by
SMU are reserved.

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 Both parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Initial Term or a
Renewal Term of this Agreement; and each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary
Property developed by the other party during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement
shall, at all times be considered, held and included in the collective definition of Proprietary Property and
will be owned by and remain the Proprietary Property of the other party during the term of this
Agreement and at all times thereafter. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, each
party will at all times, both during and after the term of this Agreement, retain sole right, title and interest
in and to all Proprietary Property created by it prior to entering into or during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this subparagraph to the contrary, upon
termination of this Agreement, SMU may retain and use the card design for the SMU Visa Rewards Card
developed by the parties during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement; provided,

7
