processors and providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to
cancellation or change by Commerce at any time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the
right to add, delete, modify or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such
Enhancements from time-to-time during the Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that
from time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to the Accountholders are
provided by third parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements, including the availability
and cost thereof to Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added,
deleted, modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, NDSU AA Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the NDSU AA
Accounts during the Term of this Agreement or during the term of any Accountholder Agreement with an
Accountholder after providing written notification to affected Accountholders and NDSU AA as may be
required by law or regulation.

5.3. Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders financial services and products and to refer to the existence of the NDSU AA Visa
Rewards Card in connection therewith, which reference may include depictions of the NDSU AA Visa
Rewards Card or the NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks subject however to the provisions of Article 9,
below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Term of this Agreement, develop certain pre-screened
and/or direct mail solicitation materials and programs conceived and designed for the purpose of
encouraging the acquisition and usage of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card by potential Accountholders,
subject to the approval by NDSU AA of all materials and programs, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. A minimum of one (1) pre-screened and/or direct mail solicitations
will be completed after the Launch Date (as hereafter defined), within the first two years of the Term.
Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional pre-screened and/or direct mail solicitations
during the Term.

If additional pre-screened and/or direct mail solicitations are agreed to by both parties, subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below, NDSU AA agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one
or more electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider
designated and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form
as Commerce agrees, identifying NDSU AA Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media
file list will be provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 NDSU AA agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the NDSU AA Visa
Rewards Card through commercially viable means including, at NDSU AA?s expense, but not limited to:
(1) at least four (4) e-mail and/or e-blast message on an annual basis to select and targeted NDSU AA

6
