of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered by
this indemnification provision, NDSU AA shall promptly notify Commerce thereof in writing.
Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal
strategy of any claim or suit. NDSU AA shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit
with separate counsel, but at NDSU AA?s own expense. Commerce shall cause NDSU AA to be kept
fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.4. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Term of this Agreement, NDSU AA agrees that Commerce will be the exclusive
provider of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card to Accountholders and potential Accountholders and that
NDSU AA will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to the termination of this
Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any existing or potential
Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter into any agreement with
any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the marketing or solicitation
of charge card or revolving credit card accounts and related financial services. The terms of this
Agreement are confidential and may not be disclosed by NDSU AA to any third-party.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To NDSU AA at:
North Dakota State University Alumni Association
1241 University Drive North
Fargo, North Dakota 58102
Attention: Sherri Schmidt, Vice President

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.
ARTICLE 13. Business Day

The term ?Business Day? means a day on which commercial banks are open in the State of
13
