and Athletic Association agree that each periodic payment by Commerce to Alumni Association for
earned Compensation will be divided by the Associations as they agree among themselves. Other than
providing the statistical information, as hereinafter provided, upon which Compensation is calculated, the
Associations further agree that Commerce will have no obligation to calculate the separate amount of
Compensation earned by each Association or to issue separate payments to each Association.

5.2 Monthly Statements. Commerce shall provide Associations with monthly statements that set
forth in sufficient detail such information regarding the Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating
the amount of Compensation eamed by Associations according to the rates, terms and provisions of
Attachment ?B?. Associations understand and acknowledge that Compensation will be calculated based
upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through
normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the
particular transaction giving rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

5.3 Commerce Records. Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of
account and records regarding the Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation
due to Associations. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept
and maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. Associations shall have
the right, upon written notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of
Commerce and at Commerce?s offices in Kansas City, Missouri, to examine, inspect, and audit all such
books and records, and ail such other papers and files of Commerce relating to the performance of this
Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation.

5.4 Compensation After Termination of Agreement. No Compensation shall be eamed by

Associations as of and after the effective date of termination of this Agreement; provided, however,
Compensation earned prior to such termination shall be payable to Associations as provided in
Attachment ?B?.

5.5 Time Period for Association Review of Statements. Associations agree to review the monthly
statements of Compensation eamed provided to it by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or
irregularities regarding the calculation, reporting or payment of Compensation and, in no event, later than
one (1) year after the date of such statement. Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from
the date of the monthly statement is a presumption that such statement is correct. Associations understand
and acknowledge that Commerce loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12)
months from the date of the transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and
that such inability to reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should Associations elect to perform
such an audit from time-to-time. Associations agree that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct
transactions or to retrieve supporting documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any
transaction shall not, in and of itself, be a basis upon which Associations can assert a claim for additional
or adjusted Compensation.

5.6 Audit by Associations. Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow Associations, at its
expense, to audit the books and records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of
Compensation due Associations. A complete copy of any audit, including supporting materials,
performed by Associations will be furnished to Commerce. Commerce will have a reasonable amount of
time to review the results of any audit, to propose to Associations any reconciliation of discrepancies
revealed by the audit, including the furnishing of any supporting data. If, after ninety (90) days from the
receipt of the complete audit report by Commerce, there remains an underpayment or overpayment by
more than ten percent (10%) of the Compensation due Associations remaining unresolved after
considering any agreed-upon reconciliation after the Commerce review, Commerce will pay the
