Operations and not provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined
herein as those activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding
and collecting credit card loans. NDSU AA shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such
Special Actions requested by NDSU AA and, if requested by Commerce, NDSU AA shall deposit an
amount reasonably requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks

7.1 NDSU AA ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs, images,
visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of either North Dakota State University or
North Dakota State University Alumni Association, or both, provided to Commerce by NDSU AA for
licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and financial services programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by NDSU AA. NDSU AA will provide such
art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which NDSU AA
provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to NDSU
AA upon the request of NDSU AA, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production
of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such art is proprietary
to NDSU AA, may oniy be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this Agreement, and
Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party,
unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this
Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the NDSU AA Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the NDSU AA Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of NDSU AA's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect NDSU AA?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to NDSU AA?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of NDSU AA as NDSU AA may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by NDSU AA are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to NDSU AA by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the NDSU AA Visa Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of NDSU AA hereunder. All art which Commerce provides
to NDSU AA in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce upon
the request of Commerce, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of

8
