advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts initiated
by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to Associations for a Member
Account booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a Rewards
Card as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual ot suspected abuse, fraud, violations of
any Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect to the credit card
account.

3. Advance: (a) As a one-time ?Advance? against the combination of Royalties and New
Account Fees anticipated to be eamed by Associations during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of
this Agreement, Commerce will pay Associations an Advance of one hundred thousand dollars (US
$100,000) to be paid to Associations on the following schedule:

(1) a payment of $15,000 within forty five (45) days of the Effective Date; and

(2) a payment of $15,000 within thirty (30) days of the final approval by MasterCard of the
proposed card design; and

(3) a payment of $15,000 within thirty (30) days of the final approval by the parties of marketing
materials outlined in Attachment C, including both creative/copy for emails, inserts, social media,
banner ads, messages, & E-newsletter ads; and

(4) a payment of $15,000 within thirty (30) days of the Application Completion Date; and

(5) a payment of $15,000 within thirty (30) days of the date both Associations place Commerce-
approved ads on their respective websites directing individuals to a live Commerce application
webpage page hosed by Commerce (??live? webpage means Commerce has the ability to accept an
online credit card application); and

(6) a payment of $25,000 within thirty (30) days of the Launch Date.

(b) The ?Launch Date? is the date on which the first Associations Rewards Card becomes Active.
In the event that Associations fail to earn sufficient Royalties and New Account Fees during the Initial
Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement to fully repay the Advance, Associations will not be
obligated to repay any unearned portion of such Advance, provided, however, in the event that this
Agreement (1) is terminated by Associations prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term or
(2) is terminated by Commerce as a result of a material breach of Associations? obligations under this
Agreement or (3) is terminated pursuant to subparagraph (c), Associations shall pay to Commerce a pro
rata refund of the unearned portion of such Advance (the ?Advance Refund?). Associations shall pay
such Advance Refund to Commerce within thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination and
receipt of an invoice from Commerce. During the course of this Agreement, all Royalties and New
Account Fees eamed by Associations that exceed one hundred thousand dollars (US $100,000) will be
paid to Associations within forty-five (45) days of each month end.

(c) In the event the Launch Date does not occur before the first anniversary of the Effective Date,
either party may terminate this Agreement as outlined in Section 6.5.

(d) In the event Commerce is entitled to an Advance Refund, it is hereby authorized to enforce its
claim for such refund against Associations by suit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of

19
