once issued; (4) distribution of Association Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to
potential Accountholders through, but not limited to, the new Member benefit welcome package, Member
benefit renewal package and on social media and web advertising; (5) on an annual basis four full page
advertisements in the official magazine; (6) quarterly advertisements in the Association e-newsletter
which contain web links to the official Association internet website in order to direct applicants to a
Association Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service provider
throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; and (7) advertising in various Association
publications, Association magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as applicable. Association agrees that it
will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the
form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the
promotion of the Association Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.)
developed by or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated
by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement

6.3 Association agrees that it must develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order
to differentiate the Association Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive
Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered include, but are not limited to: (1) a new Active
Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards) throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement; Association agrees to fulfill on activation incentive with monthly list of
new Active Accountholders that Commerce will provide; and (2) Association agrees to provide a
?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the parties (e.g. Watch Party, Tailgate, Meet the
Coach, Sporting Tickets) or other tangible items to Accountholders when they qualify as an Active
Accountholder or as an engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Association
Rewards Card once issued. The parties agree that implementation and administration of each of the
Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in advance by both parties. Association agrees that
all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process for awarding rewards points, will be provided directly to
Members by delivery of those benefits to a Member by Association. Commerce and Association agree
that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and offered in the future as Association Rewards Card
Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program by generating new Member participation and
provide an increase in Association Rewards Card usage. Any change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject
to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Rewards Card.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

