accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Royalties and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement UNTAA shall earn and be paid
Royalties and New Account Fees in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and
provisions contained in Attachment ?B?.

3.2 Commerce shall provide UNTAA with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient detail
such information regarding the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the
amount of Royalties and New Account Fees earned by UNTAA according to the rates, terms and
provisions of Attachment ?B?. UNTAA understands and acknowledges that Royalties and New Account
Fees will be calculated based upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to
Commerce and processed through normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different
than the actual date of the particular transaction giving rise to a Royalty or New Account Fee.

3.3 Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Royalties and New
Account Fees due UNTAA. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall
be kept and maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each suc 1 year. UNTAA shall
have the right, upon written notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of
Commerce to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and records, and all such other papers and files
of Commerce relating to the performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or
regulation.

3.4 No Royalties or New Account Fees shall be earned by UNTAA as of and after the effective
date of termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Royalties and New Account Fees earned prior
to such termination shall be payable to UNTAA as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 UNTAA agrees to review the monthly statements of Royalties and New Account Fees earned
provided to it by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation,
reporting or payment of Royalties and New Account Fees and, in no event, later than one (1) year after
the date of such statement. Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the
monthly statement is a presumption that such statement is correct. UNTAA understands and
acknowledges that Commerce loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12)
months from the date of the transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and
that such inability to reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should UNTAA elect to perform such
an audit from time-to-time. UNTAA agrees that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or
to retrieve supporting documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in
and of itself, be a basis upon which UNTAA can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Royalties or
New Account Fees.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow UNTAA, at its expense, o audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Royalties and New Account Fees
due UNTAA. A copy of any audit performed by UNTAA will be furnished to Commerce upon its

3
