provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to
University upon the request of University, except for art reasonably required for authorized current
production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such art is
proprietary to University, may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this Agreement,
and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party,
unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this
Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the University Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the University Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of University's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this
Agreement. Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect University?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to University?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of University as University may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by University are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to University by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the University Visa Rewards Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of University hereunder. All art which Commerce provides
to University in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce upon
the request of Commerce, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of
approved marketing materials. University acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Commerce may
only be used for University?s authorized activities under this Agreement, and University agrees that such
art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist University in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.7 Upon termination of this Agreement, University shall cease to use the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. University agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Commerce Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, University shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Commerce?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices, checks or records of any Commerce customer existing as of the effective date of
termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, University agrees that it will no
longer publish, distribute or authorize the use of any marketing or other material bearing any Commerce
Licensed Trademark. University agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or
take any other action, which might affect Commerce?s ownership of any of the rights in the Commerce
Licensed Trademarks. University understands and agrees that its use of the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks shall inure to Commerce?s exclusive benefit and that University will not acquire any rights

7
