Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Royalties and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement SMU shall earn and be paid
Royalties and New Account Fees in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and
provisions contained in Attachment ?B?.

3.2. Commerce shall provide SMU with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient detail such
information regarding the SMU Visa Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the amount of
Royalties and New Account Fees earned by SMU according to the rates, terms and provisions of
Attachment ?B?. SMU understands and acknowledges that Royalties and New Account Fees will be
calculated based upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and
processed through normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual
date of the particular transaction giving rise to a Royalty or New Account Fee.

3.3 Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
regarding the SMU Visa Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Royalties and New
Account Fees due SMU. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be
kept and maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. SMU shall have the
right, upon written notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of
Commerce to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and records, and all such other papers and files
of Commerce relating to the performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or
regulation.

3.4 No Royalties or New Account Fees shall be earned by SMU as of and after the effective date
of termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Royalties and New Account Fees earned prior to
such termination shall be payable to SMU as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 SMU agrees to review the monthly statements of Royalties and New Account Fees earned
provided to it by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation,
reporting or payment of Royalties and New Account Fees and, in no event, later than one (1) year after
the date of such statement. Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the
monthly statement is a presumption that such statement is correct. SMU understands and acknowledges
that Commerce loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12) months from the
date of the transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability
to reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should SMU elect to perform such an audit from time-to-
time. SMU agrees that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve supporting
documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in and of itself, be a basis
upon which SMU can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Royalties or New Account Fees.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow SMU, at its expense, to audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Royalties and New Account Fees
due SMU. A copy of any audit performed by SMU will be furnished to Commerce upon its request. If
any audit performed by SMU, or on SMU's behalf, identifies an overpayment by Commerce in Royalties
or New Account Fees for any period, SMU agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit Commerce to reduce
the amount of future Royalty or New Account Fee payments to recoup the amount of the overpayment.

3
