AFFINITY GROUP BANK CARD AGREEMENT
2000

This Agreement is entered into this day of bs r( _, $99 , by and between

American Association of Christian Schools (?AACS?) arid Commerce Bank, N.A, (?Bank?),

follows:

In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein the parties hereto agree as

ARTICLE L. Services

As

Bank shall open revolving credit card accounts (?Member Accounts?), and issue VISA
bankeards (?Bankcard?), and provide financial services (?Services?) to individuals who
are members of AACS (?Accountholders?) whose credit has been approved by Bank,
except that Bank will not solicit members of AACS who reside in states which have
laws detrimentally affecting the solicitation of credit card accounts or the terms thereof
as determined by Bank in its sole discretion, Credit accounts opened pursuant to this
agreement shall be in accordance with the specifications described in Attachment ?A?.

ARTICLE IL, Program Control

2:1.

24,

Bank agrees that, in consideration of the rights granted hereunder, AACS shall be paid
royalties in accordance with Attachment ?B?; agrees to provide monthly reports on the
royalties payable; and agrees that it shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete
books of account and records from which royalties can be determined by AACS. Such
records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and
maintained for at least twenty-four months after the end of each such year. AACS shall
have the right at any reasonable time to examine, inspect. and audit all such books and
records, and all such other papers and files of Bank relating to the performance of this
Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law,

. Bank may develop direct mail solicitation materials and programs at its option, designed

10 encourage the acquisition and usage of its revolving credit account services by the
members of AACS, subject to the approval by AACS (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) of all materials and programs.

. Bank shall be responsible for all expenses associated with its Services and

Enhancements, except for those expenses for which AACS shail be responsible as set
forth in this Agreement or for any instance of special actions requested by AACS, such
as special mailings, special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of
Bank?s routine operations and not provided for herein. AACS shall reimburse Bank for
the direct costs of any such special actions requested by AACS and, if requested by
Bank, AACS shall deposit an amount reasonably requested by Bank. in advance, to
cover such anticipated direct costs:

Bank agrees to insert statement stuffers provided by AACS and to print statement
messages, as provided by AACS, subject to the final approval by Bank of the content,
timing and style of the statement stuffers and messages, and further provided that any
excess postage caused by the insertions be paid by AACS within ten (10) days after
being invoiced for the same.
