AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT.

THIS AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into
as of the SL day of July, 2013 (the ?Effective Date?), by and between University of North Texas
Alumni Association, Inc. ("UNTAA"), a Texas Corporation, and Commerce Bank ("Commerce"), a
Missouri bank and trust company.

WHEREAS, UNTAA and Commerce desire to make available to the UNTAA community
(alumni, friends, trustees, officers, faculty, and staff), (hereinafter referred to collectively as ?Members?),
a Visa credit card and other financial services upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, UNTAA and Commerce desire that the marketing plans for the Visa credit card
using UNTAA Licensed Trademarks to be developed by the parties as hereinafter set forth will
accomplish the respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and suffici: 1cy of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed by the parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE 1. Services

1.1 Commerce shall open revolving credit accounts ("UNTAA Accounts") and issue Visa
Commerce Cards ("UNTAA Visa Rewards Card") and, from time-to-time, provide other and related
financial services (collectively, the "Services") to individual Members of UNTAA whose applications
have been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and whose credit has been epproved by Commerce
(collectively "Accountholders"). The UNTAA Visa Rewards Card shall be issued in accordance with the
specifications generally described in Attachment "A" and as developed during the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Commerce will not solicit, nor is it
under any obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United States of America
or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or detrimentally affecting the solicitation of
credit card accounts or the terms and conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of other financial
services, all as determined by Commerce in its sole discretion.

1.2. The UNTAA Visa Rewards Card shall be customized to include, as provided in this
Agreement, UNTAA?s Licensed Trademarks as the parties may agree to utilize them on said cards from
time-to-time.

1.3. Commerce agrees that all uses of UNTAA?s Licensed Trademarks cn the UNTAA Visa
Rewards Card will bear proprietary trademark rights notices of UNTAA as U. [TAA may reasonably
direct.

1.4 UNTAA understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any credit relationship
between the Accountholders and Commerce will be governed by a Cardholder Agreement.

1.5 UNTAA understands and agrees that Commerce may from time-to-time during the Initial

Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill or
complete its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements
2.1 UNTAA expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, U.S.A. and agrees
