the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 SMU agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the SMU Visa Rewards Card
through commercially viable means including, at SMU?s expense, but not limited to: (1) at least two (2)
e-mail and/or e-blast message on an annual basis to all SMU Members to exclusively solicit potential
Accountholders and make them aware of the SMU Visa Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the prominent
placement of Web links on the official SMU Alumni internet website [http://smu.edu/alumni/] in order to
direct applicants to a SMU Visa Rewards Card application internet Web page located at Commerce or
with its service provider; (3) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the SMU Visa Rewards Card once
issued; (4) distribution of SMU Visa Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to potential
Accountholders; and (5) advertising in various SMU publications, magazines, periodicals and the SMU
Alumni Newsletter. SMU agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of
all marketing materials, including form and content, relating to the promotion of the SMU Visa Rewards
Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or for SMU in any
marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this
Agreement

6.4 SMU agrees to develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order to
differentiate the SMU Visa Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive
Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) SMU Visa Rewards
Card activation incentives; (2) point-of-sale cash discounts or bonus rewards points on SMU alumni
membership fees if paid with that Member?s SMU Visa Rewards Card; (3) cash discounts to a Member
for conferences and events offered by SMU if paid with that Member?s SMU Visa Rewards Card; (4)
point-of-sale cash discounts or bonus rewards points on SMU on-line purchases at
www.smumustangs.com; or (5) other exclusive benefits as agreed to, in advance, by both parties. The
parties agree that implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to
in writing and in advance by both parties. SMU agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process
for awarding bonus rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to
a Member by SMU. Commerce and SMU agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and
offered in the future as SMU Visa Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program
by generating new Member participation and provide an increase in SMU Visa Rewards Card usage. Any
change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.5 SMU shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by Commerce, artwork for card
design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically associated with the sales,
support, marketing and servicing of the SMU Visa Rewards Card.

6.6 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with its Services and
Enhancements, except for those expenses for which SMU shall be responsible as set forth in this
Agreement or for any instance of special actions requested by SMU, such as special mailings, additional
postage, special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations
and not provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as
those activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and
collecting credit card loans. SMU shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special
Actions requested by SMU and, if requested by Commerce, SMU shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

