5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any such offers, no reference to the
Rewards Card will be made without the prior written approval of the Association and subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop solicitation
materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and usage of the Rewards Card by
potential Accountholders of Association. The materials will be designed and developed for a variety of
presentation and marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc.
The exact choice of materials, presentation and marketing methods will be made by Commerce, subject to
the approval by Association for use with its solicitations, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.

For Association, Commerce will, at its cost, conduct a minimum of two (2) pre-screened direct
mail solicitations during the first twelve (12) months of the Initial Term. The direct mail solicitations will
be sent to the pre-screened Members from the list of Members at the physical addresses provided by
Association. Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop additional pre-screened solicitations during the
Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

For Association, Commerce will commit to funding a minimum of two (2) pre-screened e-mail
campaigns per year, during the first two (2) years of the program. The e-mail will be sent by Association
to the pre-screened individuals from the same list of names (with email addresses) provided by Association.

If additional pre-screened solicitations are agreed to by Commerce and Association, subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below, Association agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one
or more electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider
designated and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form
as Commerce agrees, identifying Association?s Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media
file list will be provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Rewards Card through
commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense and throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term, but not limited to: (1) the placement of internet advertisements on the official Association
public internet website, through the permanent placement of a web banners on Association website home
page, as well as at the top of the Member value programs webpage that will outline the benefits of the
Association Rewards Card and direct applicants to an Association Rewards Card application internet web
page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term;
(2) Association will on a quarterly basis complete an exclusive invitation to apply e-mail solicitation to all
non-student Members with e-mail addresses on file, inviting Members to apply for the Association
Rewards Card throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging Accountholders to
utilize the Association Rewards Card once issued throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (4)
Association will promote the card program through social media campaigns including Facebook, Twitter
and Instagram on an ongoing basis throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (5) Association will
include an advertisement in the Association?s magazine featuring the Association Rewards Card on an
agreed upon basis throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (6) Association will promote the

6
