Members to solicit potential Accountholders and make them aware of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card
and its benefits; (2) the prominent placement with banners/buttons/placement of Web links on the official
NDSU AA internet website home page in order to direct applicants to a NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card
application internet Web page located at Commerce or with its service provider for a duration of one (1)
week, four (4) times each year; (3) the prominent placement with banners/buttons/permanent placement
of Web links on the official NDSU AA internet website Member benefits section in order to direct
applicants to a NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card application internet Web page located at Commerce or
with its service provider throughout the Term; (4) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the NDSU AA
Visa Rewards Card once issued; and (5) distribution of NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card solicitation
materials and applications to potential Accountholders through social media and web advertising. NDSU
AA agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials,
including the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized,
relating to the promotion of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo,
trademarks, etc.) developed by or for NDSU AA in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is
contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement

6.3 NDSU AA agrees to develop and offer one (1) or more unique and exclusive benefits to
Members in order to differentiate the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively,
the ?Exclusive Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) A new
Active Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards, rewards points) as agreed to by
both parties throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement; (2) NDSU AA agrees
to provide a ?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the parties (e.g. advance ticket sales,
discounts on event tickets, use of a suite at sporting event, dinner for two with a coach/athletic director) or
other tangible items to Accountholders when they qualify as an Active Accountholder or as an
engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize the NDSU Visa Rewards Card once issued;
or (3) a new Active Accountholder activation incentive consisting of rewards points credited to Members?
accounts as an Exclusive Benefit through the purchase of rewards points by NDSU AA from Commerce
with the terms of each such purchase to be agreed upon in writing by the parties and the purchase price
deducted from Royalties and New Account Fees due NDSU AA. The parties agree that implementation
and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in advance by both
parties. NDSU AA agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process for awarding bonus rewards
points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to a Member by NDSU AA.
Commerce and NDSU AA agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and offered in the future
as NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program by generating
new Member participation and provide an increase in NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card usage. Any change
in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, NDSU AA shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card. The
general format of the artwork will be in tif, eps or jpeg formats. Any other format that Commerce may
require will be produced at Commerce?s expense.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with its Services and
Enhancements, except for those expenses for which NDSU AA shall be responsible as set forth in this
Agreement or for any instance of special actions requested by NDSU AA, such as special mailings,
additional postage, special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine

7
