solicitation materials to potential Accountholders at agreed upon events and locations and to include new
alumni Members and Association travel club member mailings on an agreed upon basis; (5) participation
in a minimum of one targeted pre-screened campaign on an annual basis contingent on the tesponse of the
previous campaigns; (6) monthly advertisements in Association?s e-newsletter which contain web links to
the official internet website in order to direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page
located at Commerce or with its service provider. Advertisements should include an editorial at least
twice a year; (7) six advertisements in the Metromailer on an annual basis; (8) one full page color
advertisement in the official magazine four (4) times annually; (9) advertising in various Association
publications, Association magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as available; and (10) As mutually
agreed upon posts through Association?s official Facebook and Twitter accounts with various copy and
offers (e.g. "Show your pride with the new Georgia Tech credit card.? ?Enjoy the flexible rewards
program with thousands of reward options including Georgia Tech merchandise"). Association agrees
that it will obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including
the form and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to
the promotion of the Rewards Card (including the use of Commerce?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.)
developed by or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated
by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

6.3 Association agrees to develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to its Members in
order to differentiate the Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive
Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) a new
Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards, a free one year membership) as agreed
to by the parties throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement; Association
agrees to fulfill on activation incentive with monthly list of new Active Accountholders that Commerce
will provide; (2) Association agrees to provide a ?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the
parties (e.g. advance ticket sales, discounts on event tickets, use of a suite at sporting event, dinner for
two with a coach/athletic director) or other tangible items to its Member Accountholders when they
qualify as an Active Accountholder or as an engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize
the Rewards Card once issued; and (3) rewards points to be credited to Member?s Member Account as an
exclusive benefit where such rewards points would be purchased, from time-to-time, by Association from
Commerce with the terms of each such purchase to be agreed upon in writing by the parties and the
purchase price deducted from Royalties and New Account Fees due to Association. The parties agree that
implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in
advance by Commerce and the Association. Association agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the
process for awarding rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits
to a Member by Association. Commerce and Association agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be
developed and offered in the future as Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card
program by generating new Member participation and provide an increase in Rewards Card usage. Any
change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Rewards Card for its Members.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not

7
