5. Term of Agreement.

a, Effective Date. This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end
on June 30, 2025 (the ?Initial Term?).

b. Automatic Renewal. This agreement will automatically extend at the end of the
Initial Term or any renewal term for successive two-year (2-year) periods (the
?Renewal Term?), unless either party gives written notice of its intention not to
renew, at least ninety (90) days but not more than one-hundred eighty (180) days,
prior to the last date of such Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable.

c. Termination of Agreement. The occurrence of any of the following events shall
constitute termination of this Agreement without further notice to the other Party
unless provided herein:

i, a material breach of this Agreement which continues for a period of thirty
(30) days from the day the non-breaching Party sends to the other Party
notice of such breach; or

ii. an Event of Insolvency; or

iii. if, at any time and for any reason, NAAUA is unable to provide ACU with
tights to the Alumni Trademarks or the University Trademarks in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

d. Modification of the Agreement.

i. In the event of any material change of law or regulation impacting (i)
either Party?s ability to comply with this Agreement or Gi) ACU's
revenue derived from Credit Accounts, the impacted Party shall send the
non-impacted Party notice that it wishes to re-negotiate the terms of the
Agreement. The Parties agree to use good faith efforts to re-negotiate the
terms of this Agreement to address the changed circumstances. If the
parties fail to reach an agreement satisfactory to the impacted Party within
thirty (30) days after the aforementioned notice is sent, then the impacted
Party may terminate this Agreement by sending notice to the non-
impacted Party. The Agreement will terminate thirty (30) days after such
termination notice is sent to the non-impacted Party.

ii. Notwithstanding anything provided in this Section, in the event any other
department, branch, school, association, college, and/or any other program
affiliated with the University, including but not limited to any athletic
department or association, contemplates entering into an affinity program,
NAAUA shall send ACU notice of such and the parties agree to use good
faith efforts to re-negotiate the terms of this Agreement to address the
newly contemplated affinity program.

e. Rights and Responsibilities Upon Termination.

i. Upon the termination of this Agreement, ACU shall, in the manner
provided herein, cease to use the Trademarks. ACU agrees that it will not
claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to the Mailing
Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. ACU may conclude all

Page 8 of 16

uy ED

