JOINT MARKETING AGREEMENT

This Joint Marketing Agreement (?Agreement?) effective June 1, 2016 (?Effective Date?) is made by and between First National Bank
of Omaha (?FNBO") with an address of 1620 Dodge Street, Omaha, Nebraska 68197 and Rutgers University Foundation (?RUF?) with
an address of 7 College Avenue-Winants Hall, New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1261.

RECITALS:
WHEREAS, FNBO issues credit cards and charge cards as well as offers related products and services;

WHEREAS, FNBO desires to provide credit cards as well as related products and services to RUF Members pursuant to this
Agreement;

WHEREAS, RUF desires to provide its Members with access to such products and services; and

WHEREAS, RUF and FNBO have agreed lo allow FNBO to provide credit cards and related products and services to RUF Members
under the terms and conditions herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

SECTION 1: DEFINITIONS
1.1 Incorporation of Recitals. The foregoing recitals are incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement.
1.2 Definitions. In this Agreement, the follawing terms shall have the following meanings:

?Account? means any credit card account originated pursuant to this Agreement.

?Activated? means a Cardholder has validly used an Account to make a purchase, cash advance or balance transfer within ninety
calendar days from the origination of the Account.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to an entity, another entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or is
under common ownership or common control with the first entity.

?Applicable Law? means any law, regulation or determination of a governmental authority applicable to this Agreement or the duties
and obligations of the parties under the Program including consumer protection laws.

?Breach? means Recipient has concluded that any incident of unauthorized access to Discloser's Confidential Information, including
any unauthorized access to or disclosure of Disclaser?s Confidential Information, breach of Section 7, or any breach of its security
related to areas, locations or computer systems which contain Discloser?s Confidential Information, including without limitation any
instance of theft, unauthorized access by fraud, deception or other malfeasance or inadvertent access, whether caused by Recipient's
employee, Subcontractor or any third party has occurred that is likely to put any of Discloser?s Confidential Information at risk.
?Business Day? means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, a federal holiday or a day on which national banks located in
Omaha, Nebraska, are required or authorized by law or regulatory order to close pursuant to 12 U.S.C. ? 95.

?CAN-SPAM Act? means the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pomography Act of 2003, 15 U.S.C. ?7701 ef seq., and its
implementing regulations, each as amended from time to time.

?Card? means any credit card issued by FNBO pursuant to this Agreement in connection with an Account.

?Cardholder? means a Person to whom an Account is issued or a Person authorized by the Cardholder to use any Card or Account.
?Cardholder Information? means any information pertaining to Cardholders, excluding information pertaining to or related to
authorized users.

?Claims? means any and all proceedings, actions, claims, allegations, suits, damages, losses, costs, charges, fines, expenses or any
liabilities of any nature, kind, and description whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys? fees, court costs and expenses and the cost
of enforcing an indemnity provision, which shall be reimbursed as incurred).

?Committee? means the Marketing, Product, and Marketing Strategy Committee established jointly by the parties pursuant to Section
2.2.

?Compensation? means fees paid by FNBO to RUF pursuant to this Agreement.

?Confidential Information? means any information which the Recipient obtains, maintains, processes or otherwise is permitted to
access from or about the Discloser or its Affiliates.

1 mwk 6-21-16
