the Licensed Trademarks on or in connection with the Rewards Card or the related promotional or
advertising materials. ?Losses? means all costs, expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not
limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without
limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this
provision. The covered Losses include any costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including
any costs associated with posting a bond during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency
or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to Accountholders and potential
Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to the
termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any existing
or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter into any
agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the marketing
or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Association at:
Central Michigan University
Carlin Alumni House
524 E. Bellows Street
Mount Pleasant, Michigan 48859
Attention: Marcie Grawburg

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.
il

