a. Commerce and NDSU AA may jointly agree upon account marketing channels from time-to-
time during the Term of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, promotional advertising
that does not contain a written application, or other marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to NDSU AA for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole discretion,
if the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for any three (3)
consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval rate is the
number of all applications which are approved for a NDSU AA Account, using Commerce?s
normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications received through
the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due NDSU AA for newly activated NDSU AA Accounts
acquired by Commerce pre-screened and/or direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to NDSU AA for an NDSU AA
Account booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a NDSU
AA Visa Rewards Card as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected
abuse, fraud, violations of any Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud
with respect to the credit card account.

As an advance against the Compensation anticipated to be earned by NDSU AA during the Term
of this Agreement, Commerce will pay NDSU AA an Advance of ten thousand dollars (US
$10,000) within thirty (30) days of the Launch Date. The ?Launch Date? is the date on which the
first NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card becomes Active. Unless this Agreement is terminated under
the provisions of Articles 4.5 or 4.6, in the event that NDSU AA fails to earn Compensation in
excess of the Advance during the Term of this Agreement, NDSU AA will not be obligated to
repay any unearned portion of such Advance. During the course of this Agreement, all
Compensation earned by NDSU AA that exceed ten thousand dollars (US $10,000) will be paid
to NDSU AA monthly within forty-five (45) days of each month end. Within forty-five (45) days
of each month end, Commerce will provide a month end report for the preceding month showing
the detail of monthly sales volume and the number of new activated NDSU AA Accounts upon
which Compensation is calculated.

NDSU AA shall not conduct any new account generation activity nor produce any credit card
product or account related print, electronic or other material without the express oversight and
approval of Commerce.
