the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any Confidential Customer Information of
Commerce?s Customers.

9.11 UNTAA agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its employees and staff regarding
the need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers from being used or
disclosed other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures,
safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer Information.

9.12 UNTAA agrees to notify Commerce immediately upon discovery of any loss, unauthorized
use or improper disclosure of Confidential Customer Information and to notify Commerce of any
demand, including any form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or disclosure of
any Confidential Customer Information.

9.13 UNTAA agrees that Commerce has the right to periodically review the security measures
employed by UNTAA to determine or verify UNTAA?s compliance with its obligations under this
Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief, to
enforce the provisions hereof.

9.14 UNTAA agrees to indemnify Commerce from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, asserted against or incurred
by, Commerce or for which Commerce is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use ~r improper disclosure
of Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence 0. UNTAA.

9.15 When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of
this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, UNTAA agree to either return to Commerce the
media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by UNTAA, whether in a tangible or
electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 UNTAA hereby agrees to indemnify Commerce and to hold Commerce harmless from and
against any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of UNTAA, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by UNTAA of its obligations under this Agreement or from claims relating to the use by
Commerce of the UNTAA Licensed Trademarks. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim
covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify UNTAA thereof in writing.
UNTAA shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy
of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with
separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. UNTAA shall cause Commerce to be kept fully
apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 Commerce hereby agrees to indemnify UNTAA and to hold UNT*?? harmless from and
against any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a

10
