such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 (a) Foundation hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Foundation, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Foundation of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a
claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify
Foundation thereof in writing. Foundation shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense,
negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense.
Foundation shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of
any such claim or suit.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Foundation and
its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct
of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or
potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Foundation shall promptly notify Commerce
thereof in writing. Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation,
settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Foundation shall be entitled to participate in the
defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Foundation?s own expense. Commerce shall
cause Foundation to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim
or suit.

10.2 Foundation agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?
means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3. Foundation shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accounthoider for any of the
12
