disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any costs or losses
caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond during appeal,
replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3 ?Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency
or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to their respective Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements which will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to
any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter
into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the
marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by a party to another party shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Association at:
William & Mary Alumni Association
500 Richmond Road
Post Office Box 2100
Williamsburg, Virginia 23187-2100
Attention: Director, Alumni Products & Services

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
811 Main Street, Mail Stop: 811-12
Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other parties by notice pursuant to this Article.
ARTICLE 13. Business Day

The term ?Business Day? means a day on which commercial banks are open in the State of
Missouri.
