10.2 Regulatory Authority. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any governmental authority with jurisdiction over a party may
examine the other party with respect to such party's duties and responsibilities under this Agreement and the Program.

10.3 Litigation, Inquiry or Complaint. RUF shall notify FNBO upon receiving notice of litigation, regulatory inquiry or complaint with
tespect to the Program. A scanned copy of such document received by RUF shall accompany each notice and be sent by secure email
transmission to FNBO within 48 hours of receipt by RUF. RUF agrees to cooperate with FNBO to the extent necessary for FNBO to
adequately respond to such litigation, inquiry or complaint and FNBO shall reciprocate in its cooperation with the RUF.

SECTION 11: MISCELLANEOUS

11.1 Independent Contractors. The parties intend for their relationship to be that of independent contractors and, except as expressly
provided otherwise in this Agreement, neither party is an agent, employee or joint venturer with the other party and neither party has
the power or authority to bind the other.

11.2 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of FNBO and RUF and their respective
Successors and permitted assigns and is for the sole and exclusive benefit of FNBO and RUF and their respective permitted
successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant to any other Person any right, remedy, or Claim under
or in respect of this Agreement.

11.3 Amendment. Except as expressly provided otherwise, this Agreement may be amended only in a writing signed by both parties
that specifically refers to this Agreement.

11.4 Assignment. Neither this Agreement, nor any rights hereunder, may be assigned by either of the parties without the prior written
consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and such consent may be conditioned upon the
assignee's written acknowledgment that assignee is bound by the terms and conditions contained herein. An attempted assignment by
a party without the prior written consent of the other party is a material breach of this Agreement.

11.5 Subcontracting, FNBO may subcontract duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Program (e.g. printing of Cardholder
statements, etc.). Without FNBO's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, RUF may not use any
Subcontractor. If RUF uses any Subcontractor without FNBO's prior written consent, it shall be deemed a material breach of this
Agreement. In the event FNBO provides RUF written consent to use a Subcontractor, RUF may use such Subcontractor only as
identified in the written consent; provided, however, that the Subcontractor shall, at all times, and agrees in writing with RUF to comply
with all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Laws, and Network Rules. RUF shall be and will remain liable for
all acts and omissions of each and every RUF Subcontractor. Upon written notice from FNBO, RUF shall immediately cease using a
Subcontractor.

11.6 Complete Agreement. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the understanding between the parties relating
to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings, and agreements, oral or written, between
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. The waiver by any party of any term, covenant or condition herein is not a waiver of
such term, covenant or condition on any subsequent breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition herein. Any provision
of this Agreement which is found to be invalid or void shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any other provision of this Agreement
and such other provisions remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be presumptively interpreted for or against either
party by reason of that party having drafted or negotiated, or failed to draft or negotiate, all or any portion of this Agreement.

11.7 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware and the United States of
America, but does not include any conflict of law rule that might direct or refer determination of any such mater to the laws of any other
jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY
LEGALLY AND EFFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT,

11.8 Notices. Notices permitted or required under this Agreement must be given, in writing, by personal delivery or overnight carrier
addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth below, or such other addresses as the parties may designate in writing from time to
time by notice to the other party given pursuant to this Section. Notices are effective upon actual receipt by the party to be notified.

ca) mwk 6-21-16
