Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any existing or potential
Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter into any agreement with
any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the marketing or solicitation
of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Webster at:
Webster University
470 East Lockwood Avenue
Webster Groves, Missouri 63119
Attention: Greg Gunderson, Chief Financial Officer

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other by notice pursuant to this Article.
ARTICLE 13. Business Day

The term ?Business Day? means a day on which commercial banks are open in the State of
Missouri.

ARTICLE 14. Force Majeure

Any party?s delay in, or failure of, performance under this Agreement shall be excused where
such delay or failure is caused by an act of nature, fire, or other catastrophe, enemy, hostile governmental
or terrorist action, electrical, computer software or mechanical failure, work stoppage, delays or failure to
act of any carrier or agent, direction or effect of an order from a court or government agency or body, or
any other such cause beyond a party?s direct control. Any party seeking to be excused for a delay in
performing any obligation due to force majeure must promptly notify the other party of the same, exercise
reasonable efforts to minimize the delay in performing such obligation, and to keep the other party
regularly apprised of its efforts and expected resolution of the cause for the delay.

ARTICLE 15. Assignment
