6.3 Association agrees to develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order to
differentiate the Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive Benefits?). Exclusive
Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) a new Active Accountholders activation
incentive (e.g. merchandise, gifts cards) as agreed to by both parties throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement; and (2) rewards points to be credited to Member?s Member Account as
an exclusive benefit where such rewards points would be purchased, from time-to-time, by Association
from Commerce with the terms of each such purchase to be agreed upon in writing by the parties and the
purchase price deducted from Royalties and New Account Fees due to Association. The parties agree that
implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in writing and in
advance by both parties. Association agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the process for
awarding rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by delivery of those benefits to a Member
by Association. Commerce and Association agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and
offered in the future as Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to the card program by
generating new Member participation and provide an increase in Rewards Card usage. Any change in the
Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

6.4 Where appropriate, Association shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by
Commerce, artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically
associated with the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Rewards Card.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

7.1 Association?s ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Association provided to
Commerce by Association for licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and
financial services programs.

7.2 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Association. Association will provide
such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which
Association provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly
returned to Association upon the request of Association, except for art reasonably required for authorized
current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such
art is proprietary to Association, may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this
Agreement, and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any
third party, unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under
this Agreement.
