?Consumer? means an individual, including an individual's legal representative, who has obtained or applied for a financial product or
service from FNBO or its Affiliates for personal, family or household purposes, or who is identified on a marketing or other list or file
made available by FNBO to RUF.

?Consumer Account" means an Account for a natural person for personal, family or household purposes.

?Discloser? means the party disclosing Confidential Information.

?Early Termination Fee? has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.

?Effective Date? means the dale referenced in the first sentence of this Agreement.

?FNBO Generated Account? means a new Consumer Account that is originated primarily through expenses paid by FNBO and
subsequently Activated.

?FNBO Proprietary Rights? means: (a) Cardholder Information; (b) the information on the FNBO Website excluding any RUF
Proprietary Rights; (c) any domain names FNBO registers for FNBO's use on the world wide web; (d) FNBO Marks; (e) the name of
FNBO; (f) any and all information, ideas, concepts, artwork, graphics and other proprietary rights of FNBO used on the FNBO Website;
(g) Marketing Materials; and (h) all materials related to Accounts and the Program in any form or medium including terms, conditions,
cardmember agreements, agreements, servicing materials, disclosures, notices, Cardholder correspondence, statements, rewards
program materials, ancillary product materials, and any other Program materials.

?FNBO Website? means the applicable portions of FNBO's relevant website located on the internet at a domain registered, owned and
maintained by FNBO.

?Indemnified Party* means the party receiving indemnification from the Indemnifying Party under the terms of this Agreement.
?tndemnifying Party? means the party providing indemnification to the Indemnified Party under the terms of this Agreement.

?Initial Term? means the seven year period commencing with the Effective Date.

?Interchange Income? means the amount of interchange on net purchase transactions as determined by the Network, net of any cash
rebate, point redemption and accrual for point accumulation. The interchange income will not include any rebates, incentives, or other
rewards provided to FNBO by the Network. The interchange rate(s) utilized to determine the amount of Interchange Income associated
with the Accounts will be an actual or blended average Network rate as utilized and determined by FNBO in the normal course of
business, as amended from time to time.

?Marketing Materials? means all advertising, promotional, marketing and solicitation materials in any form or medium associated with
the solicitation of new Accounts.

?Marketing Plan? means the plans to promote to Members the origination of new Accounts and to Cardholders the activation, retention
and increased usage of Accounts and the marketing calendar for each Program Year to implement such plans in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

*Marks? means trademarks, service marks, trade names, names, logos, copyrights and other proprietary materials and information
owned or licensed by a party; and all other Marks that one party makes available to the other party or requests the other party to use
for Program purposes.

?Marks Schedule? means the schedule containing the Rutgers marks, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this
reference

?Member? means any Person who is, as of the date of such determination, a member of the Rutgers community, including but not
limited to, members of the RUAA, parents of members of the RUAA, Rutgers faculty members, employees of RUF, and any other
Person who has or had a relationship with RUF, the RUAA or Rutgers, all as determined by RUF at its sole discretion.

?Member List? means a listing of the names, addresses, ID numbers and other mutually agreed upon information of: (a) Members, and
(b) other individuals appearing on the Member List. The Member List shall include all Members, except for the following who shall be
excluded: (i) Members who have not reached the age of majority; (ji} Members who have exercised their right under Applicable Law to
opt-out of marketing solicitations (or failed to opt-in where so required by Applicable Law); and (iti) Members who have opted out of
Marketing solicitations pursuant to RUF's privacy policy; and (iv) Members not appropriate for inclusion on the Member List under RUF
policies and practices.

?Network? means American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., MasterCard International, Inc. and VISA U.S.A., Inc., as
applicable.

?Net Purchase Volume? means the aggregate amount of purchase transactions posted to applicable Accounts, net of all refunds and
credits (such as credits for returned merchandise or disputed billing items) and excluding (a) those amounts and transactions
representing annual fees, finance charges, and other fees or charges pasted to Accounts (such fees include, but are not limited to, late
fees, retumed check fees, over limit fees, overdraft advance fees, payment dishonored fees, credit insurance premiums, cash advance
fees, balance consolidation fees, collection costs and administrative fees); (b) the amount of all balance transfer transactions and
balance transfer fees (which include the use of special checks or offers); (c) the amount of all cash advance transactions and/or cash
advance transaction fees {which include the use of special checks or offers); (d) the amount of all overdraft advance transactions
and/or overdraft advance fees (which include the use of special checks or offers); and (e) purchase transactions on any Account that is
30 or more days past due.

2 mwk 6-21-16
