and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Association, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Association of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a
claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify
Association thereof in writing. Association shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense,
negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense.
Association shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of
any such claim or suit.

(b) Association agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?
means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.2 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the Association Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.3. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Association Visa Rewards Card and the services to
Accountholders and potential Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements
which will be effective prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to
offer, or make available, to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving
credit card accounts, nor enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a
royalty payment agreement for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card
accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight

i]
