time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including, but not
limited to, promotional advertising that does not contain a written application, or other
marketing messages.

b. Marketing channels and strategies generating fees to Association for accounts produced
through such channels and strategies may be discontinued by Commerce, in its sole
discretion, if the average application approval rate produced by that strategy or channel for
any three (3) consecutive months is less than fifteen percent (15%) per month. The approval
rate is the number of all applications which are approved for a Association Account, using
Commerce?s normal credit approval processes, divided by the total number of applications
received through the respective channel or strategy.

c. No New Account Fee will be due Association for newly activated Member Accounts
acquired by Commerce pre-screened direct mail efforts nor through Commerce branch
advertisements/solicitations or through telephone solicitation or other marketing efforts
initiated by Commerce.

d. Commerce may also decline to provide compensation to Association for an Association
Account booked from any channel if the Accountholder has previously been issued a
Rewards Card as described in this Agreement or in cases of actual or suspected abuse, fraud,
violations of any Commerce program or any actual or suspected abuse or fraud with respect
to the credit card account.

3. Asan ?Initial Advance? against the combination of Royalty and New Account Fees anticipated to
be earned by Association during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement,
Commerce will pay Association an Initial Advance of seventy five thousand dollars (US $75,000)
within thirty (30) days of the Launch Date. The ?Launch Date? is the date on which the first
Association Rewards Card becomes Active. In the event that Association fails to earn sufficient
Royalty and New Account Fees during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement
to fully repay the Initial Advance, Association will not be obligated to repay any unearned portion
of such Initial Advance payment except as hereinafter provided. If Association does fully repay
the Initial Advance, Commerce will make subsequent advances (each an ?Advance?) to
Association in the amount of seventy five thousand dollars (US $75,000) each, available each
time Association has earned sufficient Royalty and New Account Fees to repay the prior
Advance. Each Advance will be paid to Association within thirty (30) days of the repayment of
the Initial Advance or repayment of a subsequent Advance, if any. However, no Advance will be
available or paid to Association on any date after December 31, 2020. After December 31, 2020,
once the Initial Advance or any subsequent Advance, if any, has been fully repaid, all Royalty
and New Account Fees earned by Association that exceed the Initial Advance or any subsequent
Advance, if any, will be paid to Association monthly within forty-five (45) days of each month
end. If this Agreement is terminated by Commerce pursuant to the provisions of Article 4.5, the
amount of any Initial Advance or any subsequent Advance, if any, that has not been repaid by
Royalty and New Account Fees earned by Association as of the effective date of Agreement
termination, will be due and payable to Commerce or if this Agreement is terminated by
Association for any reason, the amount of any Advance, excluding the Initial Advance, that has
not been repaid by Royalty and New Account Fees earned by Association as of the effective date
of Agreement termination, will be due and payable to Commerce.

4. Within forty-five (45) days of each month end, Commerce will provide a month end report for the
preceding month showing the detail of monthly sales volume and the number of new activated
Member Accounts upon which Royalties and New Account Fees are calculated.

19
