AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT.

THIS_AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into
as of the day of April, 2013 (the ?Effective Date?), by and between Southern Methodist
University ("SMU"), a Texas Non-Profit Corporation, and Commerce Bank ("Commerce"), a Missouri
bank and trust company.

WHEREAS, SMU and Commerce desire to make available to the SMU community (alumni,
friends, trustees, officers, faculty, and staff), (hereinafter referred to collectively as ?Members?), a Visa
credit card and other financial services upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, SMU and Commerce desire that the marketing plans for the Visa credit card using
SMU Licensed Trademarks to be developed by the parties as hereinafter set forth will accomplish the
respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed by the parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE 1. Services

1.1 Commerce shall open revolving credit accounts ("SMU Accounts") and issue Visa
Commerce Cards ("SMU_Visa Rewards Card") and, from time-to-time, provide other and related
financial services (collectively, the "Services") to individual Members of SMU whose applications have
been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and whose credit has been approved by Commerce
(collectively "Accountholders"). The SMU Visa Rewards Card shall be issued in accordance with the
specifications generally described in Attachment "A" and as developed during the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Commerce will not solicit, nor is it
under any obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United States of America
or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or detrimentally affecting the solicitation of
credit card accounts or the terms and conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of other financial
services, all as determined by Commerce in its sole discretion.

1.2 The SMU Visa Rewards Card shall be customized to include, as provided in this Agreement,
SMU?s Licensed Trademarks as the parties may agree to utilize them on said cards from time-to-time.

1.3. Commerce agrees that all uses of SMU?s Licensed Trademarks on the SMU Visa Rewards
Card will bear proprietary trademark rights notices of SMU as SMU may reasonably direct.

1.4 SMU understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any credit relationship between
the Accountholders and Commerce will be governed by a Cardholder Agreement.

1.5 SMU understands and agrees that Commerce may from time-to-time during the Initial Term

or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill or complete
its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 SMU expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, U.S.A. and agrees that
it will do nothing inconsistent with the ownership of such mark.
