Marks granted to FNBO under this Agreement shall continue and be extended for such period. FNBO may issue its proprietary cards to
applicants whose applications are received after the termination of this Agreement.

4.8 Marketing Materials. Upon termination of this Agreement, RUF will promptly: (a) destroy all Marketing Materials and all other
Program materials in the possession or control of RUF; and (b} delete, remove, discontinue and cease all solicitations of Cards and
Accounts.

SECTION 5: COMPENSATION

5.1 Compensation. During the Term, FNBO will pay RUF the Compensation set forth in the attached Compensation Schedule, which is
hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. Compensation will be paid on a calendar year basis. FNBO?s standard
feports relating to compensation will be accessible through the Portal or provided by FNBO, FNBO will not pay any duplicate
Compensation for Accounts including, without limitation, Accounts established: (a) due to the foss or theft of a Card; (b) as a result of
joint Cardholders requesting or obtaining individual Accounts; (c) due to an upgrade of an existing Account; or (d} due to multiple Cards
or accounts being issued or established under a single Account or Person.

5.2 Business Accounts. Compensation for Small Business Customer Accounts will be paid and measured at the company or entity
level as determined by FNBO and not at the sub-account or Card level. For clarity, Accounts, sub-accounts and Cards issued and
established under a Small Business Customer Account for a Person shall not be entitled to a finder?s fee detailed in the Compensation
Schedule.

5.3 Interchange. In the event that the amount of Interchange Income received by FNBO or Network interchange rate(s) determined and
utilized by FNBO for net purchase transactions associated with the Accounts is decreased due to Applicable Law, Network
requirement, the settlement of litigation or any other reason, FNBO may, upon 30 days? advance written notice to RUF, decrease the
Compensation paid to RUF by a commensurate amount or percentage, as applicable.

5.4 Effect of Termination. Termination of this Agreement for any reason terminates RUF's right to receive Compensation {except as
otherwise set forth in this Agreement), provided that previously accrued and unpaid Compensation will be reconciled and paid to the
effective date of termination.

?.5 Third Parties, Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will FNBO be obligated to pay any
Compensation, expenses, fees, costs or olher amounts whatsoever to any RUF Subcontractor or Person other than RUF as a result of
this Agreement or the Program.

SECTION 6: PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

6.1 Marks. Each party retains all right, title and interest in and to its own Marks. No party shall have any right or interest in or use the
other party's Marks except as specified in this Agreement. RUF acknowledges each Network's ownership of its respective Marks.

6.2 FNBO Proprietary Rights. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement shall be construed to
grant RUF any right, title, interest, or license in, to or under the FNBO Proprietary Rights {which are the sole property of FNBO or an
Affiliate of FNBO). As between FNBO and RUF, FNBO is the sole and exclusive owner of FNBO Proprietary Rights or has the right to
use such FNBO Proprietary Rights and such FNBO Proprietary Rights are FNBO's confidential and proprietary information and trade
secret.

6.3 RUF Proprietary Rights. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement shall be construed to
grant FNBO any right, title, interest, or license in, to or under the RUF Proprietary Rights (which are the sole property of RUF). As
between RUF and FNBO, RUF is the sole and exclusive owner of its Proprietary Rights and such Proprietary Rights are RUF's
confidential and proprietary information and trade secret.

SECTION 7: CONFIDENTIALITY

7.1 Use and Confidentiality of Confidential Information. Recipient shall: (a) use Discloser?s Confidential Information solely for
performing its obligations to Discloser under this Agreement; (b) not sell, rent, lease or otherwise directly or indirectly disclose
Discloser?s Confidential information to any third party; (c) take all reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of Discloser's
Confidential Information, using the same standard of care used to protect its own confidential information, in no event using a standard

8 mwk 6-21-16
