of care considered less than reasonable under the circumstances; (d) give access to Discloser's Confidential Information only to those
employees and Subcontractors who have a need to know in connection with the performance of Recipient's obligations under this
Agreement; and (e) not copy or duplicate Discloser?s Confidential Information except as necessary to fulfill its obligations. Nothing
herein shall be construed to grant Recipient any rights, title or interest in or to any of Discloser's Confidential Information.

7.2 Exclusions; Exceptions. The confidentiality obligations contained herein do not apply to Confidential Information that: (a) is, at the
time of disclosure to Recipient or thereafter, becomes, through no act or omission of Recipient, a part of the public domain; (b) was in
Recipient's lawful possession without an accompanying secrecy obligation prior to the disclosure, as documented in Recipient's written
records; (c) is hereafter lawiully disclosed to Recipient by a third party without an accompanying secrecy obligation or breach of any
duty or agreement by which such third party is bound; or (d) is independently developed by Recipient. This Agreement shall not be
deemed to prohibit disclosures: (i) required by Applicable Law or subpoena; (ii) as required in the course of an examination by
governmental regulators with jurisdiction over Recipient; or (iii) to Recipient's professional auditors and counsel, provided that such
advisors are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information they receive.

7.3 Information Security Standards. Recipient shall maintain and enforce procedures for protecting and safequarding Confidential
Information and preventing its unauthorized use or disclosure that are at least as rigorous as the procedures used by Recipient for its
own similar confidential and proprietary information.

7.4 Audit. Upon the request of a party and at least ten calendar days? notice and subject to Applicable Laws and each party's policies
and procedures, the other party shall supply the requesting party (including its intemal and external audit staff) with reasonable access
during normal business hours to its facilities, applicable information and personnel and shall cooperate with the other party in the
conduct of reasonable audits in order to verify performance by the audited party with its obligations under this Agreement. The auditing
party shall be responsible for its own expenses incurred in connection with such audit activity. Audit results shall be considered
Confidential Information. Such audits shall be conducted at the audited party's relevant locations during normal business hours at times
teasonably convenient for the audited party and not unreasonably interfere with the audited party's normal business operations.

7.5 Breach. Upon the occurrence of a Breach, Recipient shall notify Discloser within 24 hours after discovery of such Breach, and at its
sole expense, implement an action plan to correct the Breach and prevent the continuation of such Breach, tn the event of a Breach,
Recipient shall further provide to Discloser, in writing, such details conceming the Breach as Discloser may request.

SECTION 8: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1 RUF Marks, RUF represents and warrants that during the period of license set forth in this Agreement: (a) RUF shall have a valid
and enforceable license from the owners of the RUF Marks to use such RUF Marks as contemplated herein, and RUF has the non-
exclusive authority to license the RUF Marks to FNBO for the Program; (b) to the best of RUF?s knowledge the RUF Marks do not
infringe the rights of any third party; (c) the RUF Marks are validly and duly registered, filed, approved and certified where required for
the uses contemplated under this Agreement; (d) the license and use of the RUF Marks pursuant to the Program will not violate or
breach any other contracts; and (e) RUF will not enter into any other contracts which would limit the license or use of RUF Marks
hereunder or cause a breach of this Agreement. A breach of any of the representations and warranties contained in this Section 8.1
constitutes a material breach of this Agreement. RUF shall immediately notify FNBO upon the breach of any of its representations and
warranties contained within this Section 8.1. FNBO acknowledges that Rutgers has licensed the RUF Marks to RUF pursuant to the
terms and conditions of a license agreement between Rutgers and RUF.

8.2 Website Representations and Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that any material, product, information, entity name,
data or Marks provided or made available by a party or any material presented by a party on the FNBO Website or RUAA Website, as
applicable: (a) does not infringe in any manner any copyright, patent, trademark, name, trade secret or any other intellectual property
Tight of any third party; (b) does not contain any material or information that is obscene, defamatory, libelous or slanderous; (c) does
not violate Applicable Law; (d) does not violate or breach any duty toward, or rights of any Person, including without limitation, rights of
publicity, privacy or personality; and (e) has not resulted in any consumer fraud, product liability, tort, breach of contract, injury, damage
or harm of any kind to any Person. RUF represents and warrants that during the Term, RUF has the authority from RUAA to use the
RUAA Website as contemplated in this Agreement.

8.3 Legal Standing and Contract Authority. Each party represents and warrants: (a) that it is a duly incorporated or organized legal
entity in good standing under the laws and regulations of the state or governmental agency of its incorporation or formation; (b) that it
has the full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement; (c) that there is no contract, agreement, judicial or regulatory
order, or understanding with any other Person which would interfere with the obligations assumed by each party hereunder; and (d)

g mwk 6-21-16
