ATTACHMENT ?A?
REWARDS CARD

Qualified Members of Association will be issued a Rewards Card with one or more Association
Licensed Trademarks included on the face of the cards, as approved by MasterCard International
Incorporated, as appropriate.

Subject to the terms of the Cardholder Agreement, Commerce shall make available a card with an
interest rate to be determined at time of credit underwriting based on statistically valid determinants
of credit risk derived during the credit underwriting process. The precise terms and conditions of the
Cardholder Agreement will be consistent with rates and terms offered on other Commerce co-branded
and affinity credit card products.

. All credit decisions, including but not limited to the initial approval of accounts, the establishment of
credit lines and the closing of accounts, shall be within the exclusive discretion of Commerce.

. As the grantor of credit, Commerce assumes all credit risks and reserves the right to modify pricing
set forth in paragraph 2, above, consistent with its underwriting criteria, prevailing economic and
market forces, and the laws and regulations which apply.

. The Cardholder Agreement, which governs the terms of credit extension and which is provided to

Accountholders at the time of issuance of a Rewards Card will reflect the terms provided herein;
except nothing contained herein shall preclude Commerce from including in such Cardholder
Agreement its standard contractual terms including, without limitation, those terms relating to
liability, default, cancellation, governing law, calculation of finance charge, payment application,
surrender and other terms as appropriate.

Commerce may, in its sole discretion, make available promotional interest rates (?Promotional Rate?)
on Member Accounts, subject to Commerce?s existing or future system functionality, in select
Merchant Category Codes (?MCC?) and/or at select organizations affiliated with Association (e.g.
Athletic Department, University) to correctly process such rates. Commerce is not under any
obligation to upgrade, now or in the future, its computer systems in order to commence or continue
the capability to process such promotional interest rates. Association acknowledges that it shall be
solely responsible for ensuring that it or its third party electronic transaction processors (i.e.
acquirers) receiving sale transaction data will provide Commerce with an agreed upon unique
identifier (?Identifier?) to identify those transactions on Member Accounts qualifying for a
Promotional Rate. The Identifier will designate qualifying transactions originating at select MCC?s or
affiliated organizations as eligible for the Promotional Rate. Failure of Assocation, its service
providers or its equipment to provide Commerce with the agreed upon Identifier will relieve
Commerce of any obligation to include such transactions as eligible for the Promotional Rate or to
reprocess any transaction if a missing or incorrect Identifier is discovered.

17
