regarding the University Visa Rewards Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation due
University. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and
maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. University shall have the right,
upon written notice to Commerce, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of Commerce and
at Commerce?s offices in Kansas City, Missouri, to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and
records, and all such other papers and files of Commerce relating to the performance of this Agreement,
except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation.

3.4. No Compensation shall be earned by University as of and after the effective date of
termination of this Agreement; provided, however, Compensation earned prior to such termination shall
be payable to University as provided in Attachment ?B?.

3.5 University agrees to review the quarterly statements of Compensation earned provided to it
by Commerce and to promptly report any errors or irregularities regarding the calculation, reporting or
payment of Compensation and, in no event, ater than one (1) year after the date of such statement.
Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year from the date of the quarterly statement is a
presumption that such statement is correct. University understands and acknowledges that Commerce
loses the ability to completely reconstruct transactions after twelve (12) months from the date of the
transaction, including an inability to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability to
reconstruct transactions may impede an audit should University elect to perform such an audit from time-
to-time. University agrees that the inability of Commerce to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve
supporting documentation after twelve (12) months from the date any transaction shall not, in and of
itself, be a basis upon which University can assert a claim for additional or adjusted Compensation.

Upon reasonable notice, Commerce will allow University, at its expense, to audit the books and
records of Commerce to determine any inaccuracies in the payment of Compensation due University. A
copy of any audit performed by University will be furnished to Commerce upon its request. If any audit
performed by University, or on University's behalf, identifies an overpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, University agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit Commerce to reduce
the amount of future Compensation payments to recoup the amount of the overpayment or if any audit
performed by University, or on University?s behalf, identifies an underpayment by Commerce in
Compensation for any period, Commerce agrees to reimburse University the amount of the
underpayment.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4.1 The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a
term of three (3) years (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it
shall automatically renew for successive one hundred twenty (120) day periods (each a ?Renewal Term?)
unless either party notifies the other in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial
Term of this Agreement or prior to the expiration of any Renewal Term, that it is terminating and
canceling this Agreement.

4.2 This Agreement shall supersede and replace all co-branded and/or Affinity Group Bank Card
Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4.3 Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any University Visa Rewards Card issued
before such termination may continue to be held and used by Accountholders until the stated expiration

4
