solicitation that is required by law. ACU shall not be required to recall and
reissue debit or credit cards or other devices, checks or records bearing the
Trademarks and will be permitted to allow such debit or credit cards or
other devices, checks, or records to remain issued until their natural
expiration, ACU may continue to offer or provide Financial Service
Products, including its credit card products, to the Members, provided that
such Member is a current member of ACU. Moreover, upon the
termination of this Agreement, NAAUA shall, in the manner provided
herein, cease to use the ACU Trademarks. NAAUA agrees that it will not
claim any right, title, or interest in or to the ACU Trademarks provided
pursuant to this Agreement.

ii. Termination Notice. ACU shall have the right to prior review and approval
of any notice in connection with, relating or referring to the termination of
this Agreement communicated by NAAUA to the Members. Such
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Upon termination of this
Agreement, NAAUA shall not attempt to cause the removal of NAAUA's
identification or Trademarks from any person's credit devices, checks or
records existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

iii. Upon receipt of notice from NAAUA, ACU will destroy the Mailing Lists
in its possession, provided that ACU may conclude all required
solicitation prior to such destruction. An email or written
acknowledgement from ACU will suffice as confirmation that such
destruction has occurred.

iv. Within thirty (30) days of termination of the Agreement, ACU shall
provide NAAUA a list of all Members enrolled in the Affinity Credit Card
Program at the time of the Agreement?s termination. To the extent
allowed by law, such list will contain the Member?s full name, address,
telephone and e-mail (in a format designated by NAAUA and reasonably
agreed upon by NAAUA and ACU).

f. The obligations in Section 5(e), 7, 8(a)(iv), and 9(e) shall survive termination of
this Agreement.

6. Modifications and Waivers. Any modification or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement, or any consent to any departure by either Party from the terms hereof, shall
not be effective in any event unless the same is in writing and signed by NAAUA and
ACU, and then such modification, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose given. Any notice to or demand on any
Party in any event not specifically required hereunder shall not entitle the Party receiving
such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or
other circumstances unless specifically required hereunder. The failure of any Party to
exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or
any other rights.

Page 9 of 16

bis
