c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

2.8 University acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and
implementing regulations. University further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are,
or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or
solicited to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. University agrees it will not provide
to Commerce the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and University agrees it
will not, in any way, solicit or promote the University Visa Rewards Card to any such Protected
Consumers. As such, University acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the
provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and
Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15
U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist
or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts
and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?) or by any state agency
enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.9 University acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to University or its
associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by University
or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity
materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement University shall earn and be paid
Compensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in
Attachment ?B?.

3.2 Commerce shall provide University with quarterly statements that set forth in sufficient detail
such information regarding the University Visa Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the
amount of Compensation earned by University according to the rates, terms and provisions of Attachment
?B?, University understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated based upon dates or
time periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through normal
accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual date of the particular
transaction giving rise to entitlement to payment or fee.

3.3 Commerce shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records
3
