Any party?s delay in, or failure of, performance under this Agreement shall be excused where
such delay or failure is caused by an act of nature, fire, or other catastrophe, enemy, hostile governmental
or terrorist action, electrical, computer software or mechanical failure, work stoppage, delays or failure
to act of any carrier or agent, direction or effect of an order from a court or government agency or body,
or any other such cause beyond a party?s direct control. Any party seeking to be excused for a delay in
performing any obligation due to force majeure must promptly notify the other party of the same, exercise
reasonable efforts to minimize the delay in performing such obligation, and to keep the other party
regularly apprised of its efforts and expected resolution of the cause for the delay.

ARTICLE 15. Assignment

This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without prior written consent of the other
party; provided, however, such consent shall not be required in the event this Agreement, or any rights
or obligations hereunder, is assigned by a party to a person or entity which is an Affiliate of that party;
provided, further, that, the assignee?s financial condition is substantially similar to (or better than) the
financial condition of the assigning party and the scope of the services is not materially altered. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. An Affiliate of, or person affiliated with, a specified party shall mean
a person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is
under common control with, the person specified.

ARTICLE 16. Severability

If any provision, or portion thereof, of this Agreement is invalid under applicable statute or rule
of law, it is only to that extent to be deemed omitted.

ARTICLE 17. Waiyer

No provision of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, or modified by either party
unless such waiver, amendment or modification is in writing and signed by the party against whom it is
sought to enforce the waiver, amendment or modification. A single waiver by a party shall not act as, nor
shall it be deemed to constitute, an ongoing waiver of the same provision.

ARTICLE 18. Amendment

This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing, executed by Association and
Commerce.

ARTICLE 19. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Missouri.

ARTICLE 20. Waiver of Jury Trial

Each party to this Agreement hereby waives the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding,
or counterclaim brought by one party against any other party.
13
