ATTACHMENT ?D?
NDSU VISA CREDIT CARD LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT is entered into by and between North Dakota State University
(?NDSU?) and the North Dakota State University Alumni Association (?NDSU_AA?), to be effective the
day of July, 2014 (?Effective Date?).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, NDSU AA intends to enter into an Agreement with Commerce Bank of Kansas
City, Missouri, a Missouri bank and trust company, to create and provide NDSU AA Visa Rewards Cards
that contain the NDSU trademarks describe at Exhibit A and the NDSU Bison Logo (the ?Bison Logo?)
described at Exhibit B (collectively the ?Logos?) and will be available to alumni, friends and fans of
North Dakota State University, and

WHEREAS, the NDSU AA desires to enter into an Agreement with NDSU to set forth their
respective obligations and rights with regards to licensing the trademarks of NDSU for the purpose of the
NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card; and

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1. Limited License. NDSU hereby grants to NDSU AA, a limited, nontransferable exclusive license to
use the Logos in connection with the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card that are going to be created and
marketed by Commerce Bank. The license to use the Logo is granted in exchange for the consideration
set forth in Section 2. NDSU AA can, however, sublicense the right to reproduce the Logo on the NDSU
AA Visa Rewards Card by Commerce Bank. Design of the products is subject to the approval of NDSU.

2. License Fee. It is understood between the parties that the NDSU AA will pay the NDSU Department
of Athletics ten percent (10%) of the annual Royalty fee as calculated by the net interchange rate paid by
Commerce Bank. Payment shall be forwarded once per year when the NDSU AA?s audit is complete for
the previous calendar year.

3. Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue indefinitely, until either the NDSU AA or Commerce Bank terminates the underlying Agreement
regarding the marketing of the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card, or until NDSU deems it necessary to
terminate this Agreement for any reason. In the event of termination, the terminating party agrees to give
written notice to the other party.

4. Relationship of the Parties. It is mutually agreed the NDSU AA is an independent contractor and not
an employee of NDSU for purposes of this Agreement. It is understood that the NDSU AA is not subject
to the supervision and control of NDSU. No agency, employment or partnership is created by this
Agreement. Each of the parties will be solely and entirely responsible for its own acts and/or the acts of
its employees or agents. No benefits provided by NDSU to its employees, including unemployment and
workers' compensation insurance, will be provided to the NDSU AA or his/her/its employees.

5. Access to Records. NDSU AA shall adequately account for and maintain reasonable records for
NDSU AA?s performance under this Agreement and allow access to these records by NDSU, the North
Dakota State Auditor or their agents as may be necessary for audit purposes and in determining

20
