ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1. University will be responsible, to the extent permitted by law and reserving all
Constitutional and governmental immunities, for all claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands,
fees, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of
the negligence or willful misconduct of University, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out
of the performance or non-performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement or arising
from the breach of this agreement by University or any employee, agent or authorized representative of
University. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification
provision, Commerce shall promptly notify University thereof in writing. University shall, at all times,
have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit.
Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at
Commerce?s own expense. University shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material
developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 University shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the University Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.3. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, University agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the University Visa Rewards Card to Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that University will not enter into any agreements which will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available,
to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor
enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement
for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when,
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To University at:
Michigan Technological University, a Michigan Constitutional University
1400 Townsend Drive
Houghton, Michigan 49931
Attention: Brenda Rudiger
