ATTACHMENT ?B?
COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay Association combined Compensation calculated as follows:

1,

Royalty fees:

a. For the period commencing on the Effective Date and continuing to the first annual
anniversary of the Effective Date, a royalty fee (?Royalty?) will be paid which is equivalent to the
product of 13.5% of Commerce?s most recently calculated MasterCard net interchange rate for
the Rewards Card multiplied by the total of Net Merchandise Purchases generated each month by
the use of open, non-Statused Member Accounts (as of the Effective Date, equivalent to twenty-.
five cents ($.25) per one hundred dollars ($100.00) of Net Merchandise Purchases);

b. For the period commencing on the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date and on each
subsequent annual anniversary of the Effective Date thereafter, a Royalty will be paid based upon
the percentage set forth in the table below corresponding to the Annual Net Merchandise
Purchases on Member Accounts for the preceding twelve (12) months (which percentage will be
fixed until the next annual anniversary of the Effective Date) multiplied by the total of Net
Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open, non-Statused Member

Accounts:
Percentage of MasterCard net interchange

Annual Net Merchandise Purchases

$15,000,000 | - | $29,999,999 16.2%
$30,000,000] - | $49,999,999 18.9%

The MasterCard net interchange rate is an internal rate calculated by Commerce for each rewards
card program based upon MasterCard net interchange income for each rewards card program as
related to all accountholder total purchase volume for each rewards card program, with such rate
generally re-calculated each January 1 and July 1. Merchandise returns, credits and amounts in
dispute are deducted from Accountholder total purchase volume to reach ?Net Merchandise
Purchases.? ?Merchandise Purchases? refers to transactions for goods or services, and excludes
cash advances and quasi-cash transactions, such as, but not limited to, traveler?s checks,
convenience checks, wire transfers, money orders, balance transfers and gaming chips or fees or
premiums for coverage or insurance to protect the balances of an Accountholder?s account. As
used in this Agreement, a ?Statused? account is one that is lost, stolen, credit-revoked, closed,
bankrupt, charged-off, over-limit and/or delinquent.

Commerce shall pay Association for each new Member Account opened and Active (an ?Active?
account is one that is newly opened and activated, that is, a Member Account on which a Member
initiated debit transaction, i.e., a purchase, balance transfer, cash advance or convenience check

16
