Part B: Confidential Customer Information

9.5 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used herein shall
mean all nonpublic personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (?GLB?),
(15 U.S.C. ??6801-6809 ) all ?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act of 2003 (?FACT Act?) (15 U.S.C. ?1681 et seq.) and any and all privacy regulations,
guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory authorities.
A ?Commerce Customer? as used herein includes an Accountholder.

9.6 While it is the intent of the parties that University will neither be furnished nor receive
Confidential Customer Information, should University come into possession of any Confidential
Customer Information, University agrees that it will not use or disclose such Confidential Customer
Information that it receives or obtains from Commerce other than is necessary to carry out the purposes of
this Agreement.

9.7 University agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Customer Information to any
third-party except those who have a need to know and only to enable University to provide the services
under this Agreement and only to such third parties who have assumed confidentiality obligations
consistent with those provided for herein.

9.8 University agrees that it has in place certain security measures to protect the Confidential
Customer Information and further agrees that it will implement such additional security measures and use
such additional care as may be required to continually preserve and protect the Confidential Customer
Information of Commerce?s Customers throughout the term of the Agreement and for such time beyond
the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any Confidential Customer Information of
Commerce?s Customers.

9.9 University agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its employees and staff regarding
the need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers from being used or
disclosed other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures,
safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer Information.

9.10 University agrees to notify Commerce immediately upon discovery of any loss,
unauthorized use or improper disclosure of Confidential Customer Information and to notify Commerce
of any demand, including any form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or
disclosure of any Confidential Customer Information.

9.11 University agrees that Commerce has the right to periodically review the security measures
employed by University to determine or verify University?s compliance with its obligations under this
Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief, to
enforce the provisions hereof.

9.12 Each party agrees to indemnify the other party from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, asserted against or incurred
by, either party or for which a party is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure of
Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of the other party.

9.13 When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of
10
