this Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

2.8 NDSU AA acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and
implementing regulations. NDSU AA further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are,
or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or
solicited to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. NDSU AA agrees it will not provide
to Commerce the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and NDSU AA agrees it
will not, in any way, solicit or promote the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card to any such Protected
Consumers. As such, NDSU AA acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the
provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and
Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15
U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist
or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts
and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?) or by any state agency
enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.9 NDSU AA acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to NDSU AA or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by NDSU
AA or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity
materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

3.1 Commerce agrees that during the term of this Agreement NDSU AA shall earn and be paid
Compensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in
Attachment ?B?.

3.2 Commerce shall provide NDSU AA with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient detail
such information regarding the NDSU AA Visa Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the
amount of Compensation earned by NDSU AA according to the rates, terms and provisions of
Attachment ?B?. NDSU AA understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated based
upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through

3
