specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.8 Association agrees that all uses of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks shall bear such
proprietary trademark rights notices of Commerce as the Commerce may reasonable direct. All rights not
specifically granted by Commerce are reserved.

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 Both parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Initial Term or a
Renewal Term of this Agreement; and each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary
Property developed by the other party during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement
shall, at all times be considered, held and included in the collective definition of Proprietary Property and
will be owned by and remain the Proprietary Property of the other party during the term of this
Agreement and at all times thereafter. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, each
party will at all times, both during and after the term of this Agreement, retain sole right, title and interest
in and to all Proprietary Property created by it prior to entering into or during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement.

8.2 With respect to the Proprietary Property of the other party, each party agrees: (1) certain
portions of the Proprietary Property are confidential and agrees to protect the confidentiality of all such
Proprietary Property of the other party in its possession as Confidential Information; (2) it will not
disseminate any Proprietary Property without the written authorization of the other party except in order
to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement; (3) it will not remove or alter any copyright, trademark or
other proprietary rights notice from any materials furnished to it in connection with this Agreement; (4) to
promptly advise the other party in writing of any misappropriation or misuse by any person of any
Proprietary Property that may come to its attention and agrees that it shall reasonably cooperate with the
other party to regain possession of any Proprietary Property or prevent the further unauthorized use of
such Proprietary Property; (5) not to use the Proprietary Property for its own use or for any purpose other
than to perform the terms of this Agreement; (6) to include, as appropriate, any and all copyright,
trademark or other proprietary rights notices on material it prepares or uses in conjunction with the
Proprietary Property; and (7) upon written request, to surrender all Proprietary Property in its possession
to the other party at the end of the term of this Agreement without further notice or demand. Association
and Commerce agree that Proprietary Property to be treated as confidential pursuant to this Article does
not include any Proprietary Property which: (a) is or becomes publicly known or readily ascertainable by
the public, through no wrongful act of the other party, or (b) is disclosed to a third party by the other party
without similar restriction.

ARTICLE 9. Confidentiality.

Part A: Confidential Information

9.1 ?Confidential Information? shall mean any processes, procedures, or business information
furnished by one party to the other in connection with this Agreement, whether orally or in writing or in
electronic form. Such Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, the existence and terms
of this Agreement, trade secrets, business or financial information, product and marketing plans, and

8
