9.4 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Information? does not include information
which (a) has been or may in the future be published or is now or may in the future be otherwise in the
public domain through no fault of the receiving party; (b) prior to disclosure pursuant to this Agreement is
property within the legitimate possession of the receiving party; (c) subsequent to disclosure pursuant to
this Agreement is lawfully received from a third party having rights in the information without restriction
of the third party?s right to disseminate the information and without notice of any restriction against its
further disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party through parties who have not had
access to such Confidential Information; or (e) is obligated to be produced under order of a court of
competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a governmental agency.

9.5 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Section, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.6 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party for so long as a party has possession or control of Confidential
Information of the other party.

Part B: Confidential Customer Information

9.7 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used herein shall
mean all nonpublic personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (?GLB?), all
?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003
(?EACT Act?) and any and all privacy regulations, guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted
pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory authorities. A ?Commerce Customer? as used herein
includes an Accountholder.

9.8 While it is contemplated that SMU will neither be furnished nor receive Confidential
Customer Information, should SMU come into possession of any Confidential Customer Information,
SMU agrees that it will not use or disclose such Confidential Customer Information that it receives or
obtains from Commerce other than is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

9.9 SMU agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Customer Information to any third-
party except those who have a need to know and only to enable SMU to provide the services under this
Agreement and only to such third parties who have assumed confidentiality obligations consistent with
those provided for herein.

9.10 SMU agrees that it has in place certain security measures to protect the Confidential
Customer Information and further agrees that it will implement such additional security measures and use
such additional care as may be required to continually preserve and protect the Confidential Customer
Information of Commerce?s Customers throughout the term of the Agreement and for such time beyond
the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any Confidential Customer Information of
Commerce?s Customers.

9.11 SMU agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its employees and staff regarding the
9
