ATTACHMENT ?C?
PROMOTIONAL OPPORTUNITIES

Associations shall provide Commerce with the following promotional opportunities in return for the New
Account Fee set forth in paragraph 2 of Attachment B.

Alumni_Association Promotional Opportunities. Alumni Association agrees to provide Commerce
with the following opportunities to market the Rewards Card throughout the Initial Term and any

Renewal Term:
1, Two Exclusive E-mail or E-blast Messages. The Alumni Association will send out two emails

each year to all recipients of its monthly e-newsletter to solicit potential Accountholders and make them
aware of the Rewards Card and its benefits. The content of the two emails will be prepared by Commerce
subject to the approval of the Alumni Association.

2. Website Ad for Reward Cards. The Alumni Association shall provide on the homepage of its
current website located at www.ufalumni.ufl.edu or any successor or future website that replaces such
current website, a rotating advertisement promoting the Rewards Card (320x470 pixels) with web link in
order to direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with
its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term. The advertisement will rotate at
the start of each Internet web-page session. The location of the ad on the Alumni Association website
shall be determined by the Alumni Association in its sole discretion.

3. Direct Mail Inserts. The Alumni Association will include a Rewards Card coupon or
advertisement insert (i.e. buck slip) into any member fulfillment (renewal) packages mailed to members
throughout the year. Currently the Alumni Association sends out about 22,500 renewal packages each
year. The Alumni Association will be responsible for printing the buckslips and inserting into the
packages. The maximum permissible size of the buck slips will be determined by the Alumni Association
in its sole discretion. Should the Alumni Association elect to renew memberships electronically rather
than by mail, the Alumni Association will include an ad for the Rewards Card in the electronic renewal

packages.

4, Social Media. The Alumni Association currently has 80,000 friends on Facebook, 13,000
followers on Twitter and 7,000 followers on Instagram. These numbers constantly fluctuate. Commerce
may elect te provide the Alumni Association with one promotional campaign per quarter for the Rewards
Card which the Alumni Association will run on all of its social media platforms (currently Facebook,
Instagram and Twitter). Each campaign will be subject to the prior approval of the Alumni Association.
Commerce will provide the content and creative work of such social media campaigns and Alumni
Association may, at its cost, perform boosting and targeting activities

5. Quarterly Advertisements in E-Newsletter. The Alumni Association has a list of email addresses
that currently contains approximately 210,000 addresses of alumni and friends of the University. The

number of email addresses on this list constantly fluctuates. The Alumni Association sends out a monthly
e-newsletter to the email addresses on this list. The Alumni Association will include an advertisement for
the Rewards Card with web link in four of the twelve newsletters sent out each year in order to direct
applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service
provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term. The actual months in which the ad will be
included will be determined by the Alumni Association and Commerce as mutually agreed. The size and
location of the advertisement will be determined by the Alumni Association in its sole discretion.

21
