property of Commerce, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation on part of
Commerce to pay Royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the transfer of
the Member Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit and offer credit card accounts or other financial
services to Accountholders.

4.5 In the event that either party fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation,
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement (each such failure, a ?Breach?) the non-breaching party
may provide thirty (30) days written notice of the Breach to the breaching party describing the alleged
Breach. If the Breach is not cured to the satisfaction of the non-breaching party within the thirty (30) day
notice period, the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement upon seven (7) days written notice to
the breaching party. If any material change in financial condition significantly and adversely impacts a
party, the other party may terminate the Agreement by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the other
party. Notwithstanding the above, either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate this
Agreement if: (1) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the
dissolution or termination of a party?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of a party, the
appointment of a receiver for any part of a party?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors, any
type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency
laws by or against a party; or (2) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by
judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a party or by
any governmental agency against any of a party?s property.

ARTICLE 5, Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) Commerce agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to Association
Accountholders which shall include the minimum Visa standards for product enhancements associated with
the Visa product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be available only for such period
of time as the related services are available to Commerce and its cardholders from third party processors
and providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Enhancements are subject to cancellation
or change by Commerce at any time, with or without prior notice. Commerce reserves the right to add,
delete, modify or withdraw Enhancements or change the specific features of any such Enhancements from
time-to-time during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed
that from time-to-time one or more of the Enhancements offered by Commerce to the Accountholders are
provided by third parties unrelated to Commerce and that such Enhancements, including the availability
and cost thereof to Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added,
deleted, modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, Association Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the Member
Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any
Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and Association as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3. Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

