contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Webster. Webster will provide such art at
no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce hereunder. All art which Webster provides
to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Webster upon
the request of Webster, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of cards or
advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Webster,
may only be used for Commerce's authorized activities under this Agreement, and Commerce agrees that
such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is
required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Webster Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the Webster Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of Webster's identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's credit
devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.
Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other
action, which might affect Webster?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks.
Commerce understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to Webster?s
exclusive benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may
make of the Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

74 Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Webster as Webster may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically granted
by Webster are reserved.

7.5 Commerce ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks consisting of designs, images, visual
representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Commerce provided to Webster by Commerce
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to the Rewards Card.

7.6 All art for the program material, including those materials which contain one or more
Commerce Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Commerce. Commerce will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Webster hereunder. All art which Commerce provides to
Webster in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to Commerce upon the
request of Commerce, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of approved
marketing materials. Webster acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Commerce may only be
used for Webster?s authorized activities under this Agreement, and Webster agrees that such art shall not
be delivered to or made available for use by any third party, unless such third party is required to assist
Webster in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.7 Upon termination of this Agreement, Webster shall cease to use the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. Webster agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or
to the Commerce Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Webster shall not attempt
to cause the removal of Commerce?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's credit
devices, checks or records of any Commerce customer existing as of the effective date of termination of
this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Webster agrees that it will no longer publish,
distribute or authorize the use of any marketing or other material bearing any Commerce Licensed
Trademark. Webster agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any
other action, which might affect Commerce?s ownership of any of the rights in the Commerce Licensed
Trademarks. Webster understands and agrees that its use of the Commerce Licensed Trademarks shall

7
