ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop solicitation
materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and usage of the UMAA Visa Signature
Rewards Card by potential Accountholders. The materials will be designed and developed for a variety
of presentation and marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail,
etc. The exact choice of materials, presentation and marketing methods will be made by Commerce,
subject to the approval by UMAA, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

A minimum of one (1) direct mail pre-screened solicitations will be completed within twelve (12)
months after the Launch Date (as hereafter defined). Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop
additional pre-screened solicitations during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

If additional pre-screened solicitations are agreed to by both parties, subject to the provisions of
Article 9, below, UMAA agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one or more electronic
media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider designated and
approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form as Commerce
agrees, identifying UMAA Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media file list will be
provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 UMAA agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the UMAA Visa Signature
Rewards Card through commercially viable means including, at UMAA?s expense, but not limited to: (1)
a minimum of two and up to a maximum of four exclusive e-mail and/or e-blast messages on an annual
basis to all UMAA Members to solicit potential Accountholders and make them aware of the UMAA
Visa Signature Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the prominent placement of internet advertisements and
web links, including a banner on the home page, on the official UMAA internet website in order to direct
applicants to a UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce
or with its service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging
Accountholders to utilize the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card once issued; (4) distribution of
UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to potential Accountholders
through, but not limited to, the new Member benefit welcome package, Member benefit renewal package
and on social media and web advertising; (5) on an annual basis one full page advertisement in the offical
UMAA magazine; (6) quarterly advertisements in the UMAA e-newsletter which contain web links to the
official UMAA internet website in order to direct applicants to a UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card
application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial
Term and any Renewal Term; and (7) advertising in various UMAA publications, UMAA magazines,
periodicals and newsletters, as applicable. UMAA agrees that it will obtain prior written approval from
Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and content of such marketing
materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the UMAA Visa
Signature Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or for
UMAA in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or undertaken pursuant
to this Agreement

6.3. UMAA agrees to develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order to
differentiate the UMAA Visa Signature Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the
?Exclusive Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) a new
Active Accountholders activation incentive (e.g. merchandise, gift cards) as agreed to by both parties

6
