2.1 Association expressly acknowledge ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, Inc. and agrees that
they will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 Association represents that it has secured the rights from Mississippi State University to utilize
the Licensed Trademarks (see Attachment ?E?) and as hereafter described in Article 7 and that it presently
has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed Trademarks for the uses and
purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, Association represents that Commerce may regard this
representation as a continuing representation by Association of its exclusive authority to authorize the use
of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement,
including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by Mississippi State University or Association during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. Association agrees to provide, if requested,
updated written evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks
as Association intends to use in conjunction with the Rewards Card and of any trademark rights notices
required when such trademarks are used.

2.3. Association represent that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by the Association will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 Association represent that disclosure by Association to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to Association Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by Association of such information. Association
further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such
member information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. for the uses and
purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 Association agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted
the non-exclusive use of approved, specified Mississippi State University Licensed Trademarks in order to
provide the Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as provided in
Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Association for the specific use of each respective
Mississippi State University Licensed Trademarks on the Rewards Card and any
Enhancements. Association shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under
its mark and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods
and services provided under that Mississippi State University Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with
the usage previously approved by Association pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with
Association industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate with Association in facilitating
Associations control of the nature and quality of goods and services provided under the Mississippi State
University Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and Association each warrant and represent that as of the date hereof and during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under this
Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

2
