disclosure of any Confidential Customer Information.

9.11 Association agrees that Commerce has the right to periodically review the security measures
employed by Association to determine or verify that Association?s compliance with its obligations under
this Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief,
to enforce the provisions hereof.

9.12 Association agrees to indemnify Commerce from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, asserted against or incurred
by, Commerce or for which Commerce is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure
of Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of Association.

9.13. When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of
this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, Association agrees to either return to Commerce
the media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by Association, whether in a
tangible or electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read
or reconstructed.

Part C:_General Provisions

9.14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Article, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10,1 (a) Association hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Association, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Association of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a
claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify
Association thereof in writing. Association shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense,
negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense.
Association shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of
any such claim or suit.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Association and
their affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or

11
