trademark or other proprietary rights notices on material it prepares or uses in conjunction with the
Proprietary Property; and (7) upon written request, to surrender all Proprietary Property in its possession
to the other party at the end of the term of this Agreement without further notice or demand. Association
and Commerce agree that Proprietary Property to be treated as confidential pursuant to this Article does
not include any Proprietary Property which: (a) is or becomes publicly known or readily ascertainable by
the public, through no wrongful act of the other party, or (b) is disclosed to a third party by the other party
without similar restriction.

ARTICLE 9. Confidentiality.
Part A: Confidential Information

9.1 ?Confidential Information? shall mean any processes, procedures, or business information
furnished by one party to the other in connection with this Agreement, whether orally or in writing or in
electronic form. Such Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, the existence and terms
of this Agreement, trade secrets, business or financial information, product and marketing plans, and
customer and supplier information. All Confidential Information disclosed to the other party is deemed to
be confidential, restricted and proprietary to the disclosing party.

9.2 The party receiving Confidential Information of the other party must provide the same care
to avoid disclosure or unauthorized use of the Confidential Information as it provides to protect its own
similar confidential information, but in no event less than commercially reasonable care.

9.3 All Confidential Information, unless otherwise agreed in writing, (a) shall not be copied,
distributed, disclosed, or disseminated in any way or form by receiving party without the prior written
consent of the disclosing party; (b) shall be used by the receiving party only in connection with the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, unless otherwise consented to in writing by the
disclosing party; (c) shall remain the property of and be returned together with all copies of such
information, to the disclosing party or destroyed after the receiving party?s need for it has expired or upon
request of the disclosing party, and, in any event, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement. At
the request of the disclosing party, the receiving party will furnish a certificate of an officer or executive
director of the receiving party certifying that Confidential Information not returned to disclosing party has
been destroyed. Notwithstanding the above, the receiving party may retain a copy of the Confidential
Information for regulatory reasons.

9.4 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Information? does not include information
which (a) has been or may in the future be published or is now or may in the future be otherwise in the
public domain through no fault of the receiving party; (b) prior to disclosure pursuant to this Agreement is
property within the legitimate possession of the receiving party; (c) subsequent to disclosure pursuant to
this Agreement is lawfully received from a third party having rights in the information without restriction
of the third party?s right to disseminate the information and without notice of any restriction against its
further disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party through parties who have not had
access to such Confidential Information; or (e) is obligated to be produced under order of a court of
competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a governmental agency.

Part B: Confidential Customer Information

9.5 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used herein shall
9
