provision are subject to the approval of appropriate University officials and must

comply with applicable University policies.

. Annually during the Term, NAAUA shall provide ACU a full one page
advertisement for the Affinity Credit Card Program in one issue of Alabama
Alumni Magazine and, subject to the mutual agreement of the parties at the time,
prominent advertising space for the Affinity Credit Card Program in other
NAAUA publications and advertisements, print, electronic, or otherwise.

During the Term, NAAUA shall make a reasonable request to the University to
permit ACU access to parents and students during Bama Bound.

. In the event that a Member is not currently a member of NAAUA, NAAUA will
provide such Member an introductory 12-month membership in NAAUA at no
additional cost to either the Member or ACU. NAAUA acknowledges that ACU
has the right to offer Financial Service Products, including the Program, to any
member of ACU regardless of whether such individual is a Member and that
ACU is under no obligation to document that such individual is either @ a
Member or (ii) a member of NAAUA.

. NAAUA also agrees that ACU may give away promotional items to individuals

completing applications and that such promotional material may have the

Trademarks on them subject to NAAUA?s prior approval as provided in this

Section. ACU agrees that all promotional items bearing any of the Trademarks

must be licensed by NAAUA and/or the University as the case may be. ACU

agrees to abide by the University policy made known to ACU in advance and in
writing, regarding the giving away of promotional items to individuals who
complete applications for Affinity Credit Card Program.

. NAAUA acknowledges that ACU shall own the Credit Accounts held by

Members and that NAAUA shall have no right to any proceeds, ownership

interest or any other interest in the Credit Accounts held by Members either

during the Term or after the expiration of the Term.

. NAAUA acknowledges that in order to offer Affinity Credit Card Program to the

Members, membership with ACU is required. NAAUA acknowledges and

understands that ACU may offer or provide other Financial Service Products in

additional to the Program, including additional credit card products, to the

Members, provided that such Member is a member of ACU. ACU, however, will

not offer, promote to, or provide Members with other ACU Financial Service

Products that competes with the Affinity Credit Card Program.

. NAAUA shall be responsible for complying with any obligations imposed upon

licensees in connection with the ACU Trademark and NAAUA shall be

responsible for complying with all applicable federal, state and local laws and
regulations in connection with the ACU Trademarks.

ACU shall not advertise ACU Financial Service Products that compete with the

Affinity Credit Card Program to any Members unless such advertisement is first

approved in writing by NAAUA.

Page 5 of 16

CE?,
