c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise
complied and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws
and regulations applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement; and

d. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not violate its organizational documents or
any existing third party agreement.

2.7 Commerce acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Commerce or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Commerce or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

2.8 Foundation acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and
implementing regulations. Foundation further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are,
or are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or
solicited to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. Foundation agrees it will not provide
to Commerce the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and Foundation agrees it
will not, in any way, solicit or promote the Rewards Card to any such Protected Consumers; however,
such solicitation and promotion is not intended to include general promotional, informational or
advertising materials directed at or available to Foundation Members as a whole. As such, each party
hereto acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-
Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.), the Credit Card Accountability and Disclosure Act of 2009
(Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and
the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts or regulations may now exist or as may hereafter be
amended, including such provisions for interpretation and enforcement of such acts and regulations by the
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CFPB?) or by any state agency enforcing state laws or
regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.9 Foundation acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and
accuracy of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to Foundation or
its associates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by
Foundation or with its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or
publicity materials or editorials, or otherwise.

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

3.1 In exchange for the use of Foundation?s Licensed Trademarks, Commerce agrees that during
the term of this Agreement Foundation shall earn and be paid Compensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in
accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in Attachment ?B?.

3.2 Commerce shall provide Foundation with monthly statements that set forth in sufficient
detail such information regarding the Rewards Card that forms the basis for calculating the amount of
Compensation earned by Foundation according to the rates, terms and provisions of Attachment ?B?.
Foundation understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated based upon dates or time
periods when various transactions are reported to Commerce and processed through normal accounting

3
