this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, University agree to either return to Commerce the
media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by University, whether in a tangible
or electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.

Part C:_General Provisions

9.14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Section, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 (a) University hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of University, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by University of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim
or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify University
thereof in writing. University shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation,
settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to participate in the
defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense. University shall
cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim
or suit.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless University and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct
of Commerce, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-
performance by Commerce of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or
potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, University shall promptly notify Commerce
thereof in writing. Commerce shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation,
settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. University shall be entitled to participate in the
defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at University?s own expense. Commerce shall
cause University to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or
suit.

10.2 University agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?

11
