those provided for herein.

9.8 Webster agrees that it has in place certain security measures to protect the Confidential
Customer Information and further agrees that it will implement such additional security measures and use
such additional care as may be required to continually preserve and protect the Confidential Customer
Information of Commerce?s Customers throughout the term of the Agreement and for such time beyond
the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any Confidential Customer Information of
Commerce?s Customers.

9.9. Webster agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its employees and staff regarding
the need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers from being used or
disclosed. other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures,
safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer Information.

9.10. Webster agrees to notify Commerce immediately upon discovery of any loss, unauthorized
use or improper disclosure of Confidential Customer Information and to notify Commerce of any
demand, including any form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or disclosure of
any Confidential Customer Information.

9.11 Webster agrees that Commerce has the right to periodically review the security measures
employed by Webster to determine or verify Webster?s compliance with its obligations under this
Agreement and the right to pursue whatever legal remedies it has, including seeking equitable relief, to
enforce the provisions hereof.

9.12 Webster agrees to indemnify Commerce from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attomeys fees, asserted against or incurred
by, Commerce or for which Commerce is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure
of Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of Webster.

9.13. When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of
this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, Webster agree to either return to Commerce the
media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by Webster, whether in a tangible or
electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.

Part C:_General Provisions

9.14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Section, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10
