Ifto RUF: Ifto FNBO:

Rutgers University Foundation First National Bank of Omaha
7 College Avenue-Winants Hall 1620 Dodge Street, Stop Code 3199
New Brunswick, NJ 08901-1261 Omaha, Nebraska 68197

Attention: Rutgers University Foundation CFO Attention: First Bankcard Legal Department

11.9 Expenses. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, RUF and FNBO are solely responsible for their own costs
and expenses of performance under this Agreement.

11.10 Survival. Sections 1, 2.6, 2.8, 2.9, 2.10, 2.12, 3.4, 3.5, 4.7, 4.8, 5.4, 5.5, 6, 7, B, 9, 11.4, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7, 11.8, 11.9, 11.10, and
41.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

11.11 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is otherwise held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining
provisions will continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated. The parties agree to replace any invalid provision with a valid
provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision.

11.12 Insurance,

(a) During the Term, each party shall maintain, at its own expense, the following insurance policies covering all its actions in connection
with the Program and its rights, obligations, indemnification requirements and liabilities under this Agreement: (i) Workers?
Compensation and Employer's Liability Insurance: (ii) Statutory Worker's Compensation benefits or coverage for its employees in
amounts no less than the statutory benefits required by Applicable Law; (ili) Employer's Liability insurance with minimum limits of
$500,000 per accident for bodily injury by accident, $500,000 per employee for bodily injury by disease, and $500,000 for bodily injury
by disease; (iv) Commercial General Liability Insurance {including personal injury and contractual liability insurance) providing
coverage for bodily injury and property damage and endorsed to include products and completed operations with a minimum combined
single limit of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate; (v) Employee Dishonesty/Fidelity
Bond/Commercial Crime Insurance including third party theft in an amount not less than $250,000; and (vi) industry standard minimum
coverage of Network Security & Privacy Liability Insurance.

(b) The insurance policies and coverages that RUF is required to maintain under this Section shall also provide coverage for and
include the actions of each RUF Subcontractor, and name FNBO and each RUF Subcontractor as an additional insured, Each party
shall procure its insurance coverages from insurance carriers: (i) permitted to do business where required to comply with the
requirements of this Section, and (ii) if such carriers are rated by A.M. Best Company, with financial strength, credit and debt rating of
at least an A by such company. :

(c) Each party (i) shall, upon request from the other party, provide copies of all current original certificates of insurance evidencing
compliance with this Section, and (ii) must give the other party at feast 30 calendar days prior written notice of any material change,
policy cancellation or nonreneweal. In the event applicable coverage is held by both FNBO and RUF, the insurance held by RUF shall
be primary and the insurance held by FNBO shall be secondary. The obligation of a party to provide the insurance coverage specified
in this Agreement shall not limit in any way any obligation or liability of such party provided elsewhere in this Agreement.

(d) During the Term, RUF shall ensure that each RUF Subcontractor maintains, at a minimum, all insurance policies and coverages
referenced in this Section covering its actions, liabilities and, responsibilities in connection with the Program.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Joint Marketing Agreement to be effective as of the Effective Date.
First National Banyof Omaha Rutgers University Pguplation

Signature: Signature:

Name: MaricA-Ghronister CAri's /yser-o? Name: Christopher
Title:  Sr-Viee-President- Vice fresrde Title: Chief Financial Dfficer,and Assistant Treasurer

Date: cbse Date:

First National Bank of Omaha

Signature:

12 mwk 6-21-16

