providers to undertake, fulfill or complete its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. It is further
understood and agreed that any such third-party service providers must agree to protect the Confidential
Information and Confidential Customer Information entrusted to it, either by separate confidentiality
agreement or as a part of a service contract.

ARTICLE 4. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements
4.1 ard Mark ard Int. i Associations expressly acknowledge

ownership of the mark "MasterCard" by MasterCard International Incorporated and agrees that they will
do nothing inconsistent with MasterCard?s ownership of such mark.

Authority to Use Li T ks. Associations each represents that they
have been authorized by the University of Florida to utilize the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter
described in Article 2 and that they each presently have the non-exclusive authority to authorize the use of
each of such Licensed Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, the
Associations represent that Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by
both Associations of their respective non-exclusive authority to authorize the use of each Licensed
Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement, including Licensed
Trademarks developed, created by or authorized to the Associations during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement. Associations agree to provide written evidence, satisfactory to
Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks as the Associations intend to use in
conjunction with the Rewards Card and of any trademark rights notices required when such trademarks
are used.

4.3 Use of License Marks Does Not Infringe. Associations represent that the use of any of the
Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as authorized herein by the Associations will not infringe upon or

violate the patent, copyright or any other proprietary interest of any third party.

4.4 Authority to Provide Information on Members. Associations represent that disclosure by

Associations to Commerce of confidential or non-confidential information in its files pertaining to
Association Members will not violate any law, regulation, restriction or contractual prohibition against
disclosure by Associations of such information. Associations further acknowledge and agree that it is
authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such member information, including but not
limited to, names, addresses, etc. for the uses and purposes contemplated herein.

4.5 Commerce Use of Licensed Trademarks, Associations agree that Commerce is, by the terms
of this Agreement, authorized and permitted the non-exclusive use of approved, specified Associations?
Licensed Trademarks in order to provide the Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no
other purposes. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from Associations for the specific use of each respective
Associations Licensed Trademarks on the Rewards Card and any Enhancements, including the marketing
of the Rewards Card. Associations shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services
provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the
quality of goods and services provided under that Associations? Licensed Trademarks is in accordance
with the usage previously approved by Associations pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with
Associations industry quality standards. Commerce agrees to cooperate with each Association in
facilitating each Associations control of the nature and quality of goods and services provided under the
Association?s respective Licensed Trademarks.
