ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 University expressly acknowledges ownership of the mark "Visa" by Visa, U.S.A. and agrees
that it will do nothing inconsistent with Visa?s ownership of such mark.

2.2 University represents that it is the owner of the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter described
in Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such Licensed
Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, University represents that
Commerce may regard this representation as a continuing representation by University of its exclusive
authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by University during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. University agrees to provide, if requested, written
evidence, satisfactory to Commerce, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks as University
intends to use in conjunction with the University Visa Rewards Card and of any trademark rights notices
required when such trademarks are used. In the event University is not the owner of all or some of the
Licensed Trademarks, University agrees to provide, for each such Licensed Trademark owned by another
person, an authenticated document from the owner of those trademarks to establish that University has
authority to use those Licensed Trademarks and, further, has continuing authority to authorize the use of
the Licensed Trademarks with respect to the affinity cards and marketing materials associated with the
promotion of affinity cards pursuant to this Agreement.

2.3. University represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by Commerce as
authorized herein by University will not infringe upon or violate the patent, copyright or any other
proprietary interest of any third party.

2.4 University represents that disclosure by University to Commerce of confidential or non-
confidential information in its files pertaining to University Members will not violate any law, regulation,
restriction or contractual prohibition against disclosure by University of such information. University
further acknowledges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to Commerce such
member information, including but not limited to, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, etc. for the uses
and purposes contemplated herein.

2.5 University agrees that Commerce is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and
permitted the non-exclusive use of approved, specified University Licensed Trademarks in order to
provide the University Visa Rewards Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes
except as provided in Section 5.4. Commerce agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, from University for the specific use
of the University Licensed Trademarks on the University Visa Rewards Card and any Enhancements.
University shall have the right to inspect the quality of goods and services provided under its mark and
the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used to assure that the quality of goods and services
provided under the University Licensed Trademarks is in accordance with the usage previously approved
by University pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance with University?s industry quality standards.
Commerce agrees to cooperate with University in facilitating University?s control of the nature and
quality of goods and services provided under the University Licensed Trademarks.

2.6 Commerce and University each warrants and represents that as of the date hereof and during
the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:

2
