will furnish a certificate of an officer of the receiving party certifying that Confidential Information not
returned to disclosing party. has been destroyed. Notwithstanding the above, the receiving party may
retain a copy of the Confidential Information for regulatory reasons.

9.4 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Information? does not include information
which: (a) has been or may in the future be published or is now or may in the future be otherwise in the
public domain through no fault of the receiving party; (b) prior to disclosure pursuant to this Agreement is
property within the legitimate possession of the receiving party; (c) subsequent to disclosure pursuant to
this Agreement is lawfully received from a third party having rights in the information without restriction
of the third party?s right to disseminate the information and without notice of any restriction against its
further disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party through parties who have not had
access to such Confidential Information; or (e) is obligated to be produced under order of a court of
competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a governmental agency.

Part B: Confidential Customer Information

9.5 The parties agree that the term ?Confidential Customer Information? as used herein shall
mean all nonpublic personal information as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (?GLB?),
(15 U.S.C. ??6801-6809 ) all ?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act of 2003 (?FACT Act?) (15 U.S.C. ?1681 et seq.) and any and all privacy regulations,
guidelines and interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory authorities.
A ?Commerce Customer? as used herein includes an Accountholder.

9.6 While it is contemplated that Association will neither be furnished nor receive Confidential
Customer Information, should Association come into possession of any Confidential Customer
Information, Association agrees that it will not use or disclose such Confidential Customer Information
that it receives or obtains from Commerce other than is necessary to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement.

9.7 Association agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Customer Information to any
third-party except those who have a need to know and only to enable Association to provide the services
under this Agreement and only to such third parties who have assumed confidentiality obligations
consistent with those provided for herein.

9.8 Association agrees that it has in place certain security measures to protect the Confidential
Customer Information and further agrees that it will implement such additional security measures and use
such additional care as may be required to continually preserve and protect the Confidential Customer
Information of Commerce?s Customers throughout the term of the Agreement and for such time beyond
the term of the Agreement as it has in its possession any Confidential Customer Information of
Commerce?s Customers.

9.9 Association agrees, as it deems reasonably required, to train its employees and staff regarding
the need to keep the Confidential Customer Information of Commerce?s Customers from being used or
disclosed other than for purposes of fulfilling the Agreement and to continually monitor its procedures,
safeguards and training to protect the Confidential Customer Information.

9.10 Association agrees to notify Commerce immediately upon discovery of any loss,
unauthorized use or improper disclosure of Confidential Customer Information and to notify Commerce
of any demand, including any form of legal proceeding or process, made upon it for access to or

10
