is not required to provide on occasion ?Exclusive Customer Experiences? as agreed to by the parties or
other tangible items to its Member Accountholders when they qualify as an Active Accountholder or as an
engagement incentive encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Rewards Card once issued. The parties
agree that implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to in
writing and in advance by Commerce and the Association. Each Association agrees that all Exclusive
Benefits, other than the process for awarding rewards points, will be provided directly to Members by
delivery of those benefits to a Member by that Association. Commerce and each Association agree that
Exclusive Benefits that may be developed and offered in the future as Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits
will add value to the card program by generating new Member participation and provide an increase in
Rewards Card usage. Any change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

8.3 Enhancement Expenses. Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with
Commerce?s Enhancements, except for those expenses for which an Association shall be responsible as
set forth in this Agreement.

8.4 Special Actions. An Association may elect, with the prior approval of Commerce in the
Association?s sole discretion, to undertake special actions, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. The requesting Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such
Special Actions requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an
amount reasonably requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 9. Proprietary Property

9.1 Parties Have Proprietary Property. The parties individually acknowledge and agree that the
other party has and owns or uses certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks,
logos, designs, service marks, signs, processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary
Property?) at the Effective Date and that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary
Property during the Initial Term or a Renewal Term of this Agreement; and each further acknowledges
and agrees that any Proprietary Property developed by a party during the Initial Term or any Renewal
Term of this Agreement shall, at all times be considered, held and included in the collective definition of
Proprietary Property and will be owned by and remain the Proprietary Property of that party during the
term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this
paragraph, each party will at all times, both during and after the term of this Agreement, retain sole right,
title and interest in and to all Proprietary Property created by it prior to entering into or during the Initial
Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement.

9.2 Use of Proprietary Property. With respect to the Proprietary Property of the other party, each
party agrees: (1) certain portions of the Proprietary Property are confidential and agrees to protect the
confidentiality of all such Proprietary Property of the other parties in its possession as Confidential
Information; (2) it will not disseminate any Proprietary Property without the written authorization of the
appropriate party except in order to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement; (3) it will not remove or
alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from any materials furnished to it in
connection with this Agreement; (4) to promptly advise the appropriate party in writing of any
misappropriation or misuse by any person of any Proprietary Property that may come to its attention and
agrees that it shall reasonably cooperate with that party to regain possession of any Proprietary Property
or prevent the further unauthorized use of such Proprietary Property; (5) not to use the Proprietary
Property for its own use or for any purpose other than to perform the terms of this Agreement; (6) to
