3. Rights and Responsibilities of ACU.
a. ACU shall design, develop and administer the Affinity Credit Card Program for

the Members.

b. ACU shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with
regard to the Affinity Credit Card Program. ACU reserves the right to approve all
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or related to the Affinity Credit
Card Program, which may be developed by or on behalf of NAAUA. Such
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. ACU agrees that its
promotional efforts shall be measured, reasonable and tasteful. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, NAAUA must send ACU notice if it believes that ACU?s
promotional efforts are or may become excessively frequent and could cause
complaints from Members. Upon receipt of such notice from NAAUA, the
parties will meet to mutually agree upon a solicitation and promotional plan going
forward.

c. ACU shall refrain from promoting any other Financial Service Products except
the Affinity Credit Card Program to the Members until and after such time the
Members become duly accepted members of ACU. Further, at no point will ACU
target Members with any ACU Financial Service Product that competes with the
Affinity Credit Card Program. ACU shall bear all costs of producing and mailing
materials to promote the Affinity Credit Card Program. NAAUA reserves the
tight to approve any promotional messaging included in Affinity Credit Card
Program cardholder account statements unless such messaging pertains to
Affinity Credit Card Program provided that NAAUA acknowledges and agrees
that such approval will not be unduly withheld. Any issues regarding the
promotional materials must be communicated by NAAUA to ACU at least forty-
five (45) days prior to the date such statements are required to be mailed.
NAAUA acknowledges and agrees that if ACU receives no communication from
NAADA, such lack of communication may be deemed by ACU as NAAUA?s
approval of such promotional materials.

d. ACU shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to
each Affinity Credit Card Program account independently of NAAUA.

e. ACU shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those persons or entities, including any
third party, handling these Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose. ACU
shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Mailing Lists to whom
promotional material for the Affinity Credit Card Program will not be sent. The
Mailing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of NAAUA.

f? Membership in ACU is a requirement for each Member to participate in the
Program. As such, ACU may separately maintain all information which it obtains
as a result of a membership or an application for a membership. This information
becomes a part of ACU's own files and ACU shall be entitled to use this
information for any lawful purpose, including offering Financial Service Products
to the Members who are members of ACU

g. ACU shall provide NAAUA a link to NAAUA's home web page from ACU's
website.

Page 6 of 16
