9.12 Association agrees to indemnify Commerce from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, liabilities, lawsuits, costs and expenses, including attorney?s fees, asserted against or incurred by,
Commerce or for which Commerce is exposed for any loss, unauthorized use or improper disclosure of
Confidential Customer Information due to the actions, inactions or negligence of Association.

9.13 When disposing of any Confidential Customer Information, whether upon termination of this
Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, Association agrees to either return to Commerce the
media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by Association, whether in a tangible
or electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read or
reconstructed.

Part C:_General Provisions

9.14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Article, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other rights
and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to breach
this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 (a) Association hereby agrees to indemnify Commerce and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,
directors, employees and permitted assigns harmless from and against any loss, liability, action, proceeding,
damage, fine, penalty or expense (including administrative costs and expenses, attorneys? fees and costs of
defense) suffered or incurred by any of them as a result of: (i) any action or inaction taken by the Association
in breach of this Agreement; or (ii) breach of any warranty or representation made the Association to
Commerce. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision,
Commerce shall promptly notify Association thereof in writing.

(b) Commerce hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Association, Mississippi State
University, and the Board of Trustees of the State Institutions of Higher Learning, and their respective
officers, directors, employees and permitted assigns harmless from and against any loss, liability, action,
proceeding, damage, fine, penalty or expense (including administrative costs and expenses, attorneys? fees
and costs of defense) suffered or incurred by any of them as a result of: (i) any action or inaction taken by
Commerce in breach of this Agreement; (ii) breach of any warranty or representation made by Commerce
to the Association or Mississippi State University; or (iii) any representation or warranty made by
Commerce to any third person other than as specifically authorized by this Agreement. Upon becoming
aware of a claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Association shall promptly
notify Commerce thereof in writing.

10.2 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the operating
or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency
or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.3 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this

11
