5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any such offers, no reference to the
Rewards Card will be made without the prior written approval of Association and subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Association Rewards
Card through commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense, but not limited to: (1) two
exclusive e-mail and/or e-blast messages on an annual basis to all Association Members to solicit
potential Accountholders and make them aware of the Association Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the
prominent placement of internet advertisements and web links, including a banner on the home page, on
the official Association internet website in order to direct applicants to an Association Rewards Card
application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial
Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Association Rewards Card
once issued; (4) distribution of Association Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to
potential Accountholders through, but not limited to, the new Member benefit welcome package, Member
benefit renewal package and on social media and web advertising; (5) advertising in various Association
publications, Association magazines, periodicals and newsletters, as applicable; and (6) quarterly
advertisements in the e-newsletter which contain web links to the official internet website in order to
direct applicants to a Rewards Card application internet web page located at Commerce or with its
service provider throughout the Initial Term and any Renewal Term. Association agrees that it will
obtain prior written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form
and content of such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the
promotion of the Association Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.)
developed by or for Association in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated
by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement

ior approval by
ials-specificall

6.3 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with Commerce?s Enhancements,
except for those expenses for which Association shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for
any instance of special actions requested by Association, such as special mailings, additional postage,
special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine Operations and not
provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those
activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting
credit card loans. Association shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such Special Actions
requested by Association and, if requested by Commerce, Association shall deposit an amount reasonably
requested by Commerce, in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. Association Licensed Trademarks

7.1 Association ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs,
images, visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of Association provided to
Commerce by Association for licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and
financial services programs.
