ATTACHMENT ?B?
COMPENSATION

Commerce shall pay Associations combined Compensation on a monthly basis calculated as follows:
1. Royalty fees:

a. Royalty for First Year Only. For the period commencing on the Effective Date and
continuing to the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date, a royalty fee (?Royalty?) will be
paid which is equivalent to the product of .25% of the Net Merchandise Purchases generated each
month by the use of open, non-Statused Member Accounts (as of the Effective Date, equivalent to
twentyfive cents ($.25) per one hundred dollars ($100.00) of Net Merchandise Purchases);

b. Royalty for Second Year Forward. For the period commencing on the first annual
anniversary of the Effective Date and on each subsequent annual anniversary of the Effective

Date thereafter, a Royalty will be paid based upon the percentage set forth in the table below

ding to the Annual Net Merchandise Purchases generated by the use of open, non-
Statused Member Accounts for the preceding twelve (12) months (which percentage will be fixed
until the next annual anniversary of the Effective Date) multiplied by the total of Net
Merchandise Purchases generated each month by the use of open, non-Statused Member
Accounts:

Annual Net Merchandise Purchases Percentage of Net Merchandise Purchase

40%

In order for the amount of the Royalty payment to Associations to remain at the stated percentage
of Net Merchandise Purchases, the current MasterCard net interchange rate as of the date of this
Agreement must remain unchanged. The MasterCard net interchange rate is an internal rate
calculated by Commerce for the Associations? credit card. The initial MasterCard net interchange
tate will be 1.85% and will generally be recalculated each January 1 and July 1. The MasterCard
net interchange rate will be determined by dividing the MasterCard net interchange income
received over the prior 6 months under the program by the total purchase volume over the prior
six (6) months under the program. For purposes of the agreement, the phrase MasterCard net
interchange income will refer to MasterCard interchange income received by Commerce less
returns.

In the event the MasterCard net interchange rate is reduced, during the Initial Term or any
Renewal Term of this Agreement in one or more increments totaling or exceeding 0.15%,
Commerce reserves the right to compute the Royalty due to Associations based upon the
percentage set forth in the table below corresponding to the Annual Net Merchandise Purchases
on Member Accounts for the preceding twelve (12) months (which percentage will be fixed until
