this Agreement or as otherwise directed by Commerce, Association agree to either return to Commerce
the media upon which such Confidential Customer Information is stored by Association, whether in a
tangible or electronic form, or destroy the media in such a manner so that the information cannot be read
or reconstructed.

Part C:_General Provisions

9.14 The parties agree that monetary damages will be difficult to ascertain in the event of any
breach of this Section, and that monetary damages alone would not be sufficient to compensate a party for
such breach. The parties agree that in the event of violation of this Article, without limiting any other
rights and remedies, an injunction may be brought against any party who has breached or threatened to
breach this Article, without the requirement to post bond.

9.15 The obligations in this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and will
remain an obligation of each party.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity

10.1 (a) Association hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce
and its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful
misconduct of Association, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or
non-performance by Association of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a
claim or potential claim covered by this indemnification provision, Commerce shall promptly notify
Association thereof in writing. Association shall, at all times, have sole control over the defense,
negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or suit. Commerce shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at Commerce?s own expense.
Association shall cause Commerce to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of
any such claim or suit.

(b) Association agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Commerce and its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any
and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?
means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.2 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the Association Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.3. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
1
