thereof to Commerce, may change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added, deleted,
modified or withdrawn in the sole discretion of Commerce.

(b) In addition to the Enhancements, Association Accountholders will participate in the
Commerce rewards program generally available to individuals under affinity cards issued by Commerce.

5.2 Commerce may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific Enhancements to the Member
Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement or during the term of any
Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after providing written notification to affected
Accountholders and Association as may be required by law or regulation.

5.3 Commerce agrees to have available for Accountholders a non-exclusive toll-free telephone
number for use by any Accountholder to report and resolve a service complaint, lost or stolen credit cards
or to make inquiry calls regarding a credit card account.

5.4 Commerce and its affiliates are authorized and permitted from time-to-time to offer to
Accountholders other Commerce financial services and products. In any such offers, no reference to the
Rewards Card will be made without the prior written approval of Association and subject to the
provisions of Article 9, below.

ARTICLE 6. Marketing Efforts

6.1 Commerce will, at its cost, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, develop solicitation
materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the acquisition and usage of the Rewards Card by
potential Accountholders. The materials will be designed and developed for a variety of presentation and
marketing methods, i.e., brochures, print ads, web-site postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc. The exact choice
of materials, presentation and marketing methods will be made by Commerce, subject to the approval by
Association, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

A minimum of one (1) pre-screened solicitation will be completed within each year of the Initial
Term after the Launch Date (as hereafter defined). Commerce may, in its sole discretion, develop
additional pre-screened solicitations during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms.

If additional pre-screened solicitations are agreed to by both parties, subject to the provisions of
Article 9, below, Association agrees to provide to Commerce, at no cost to Commerce, one or more
electronic media files in a form and content useable by Commerce or by a third-party provider designated
and approved by Commerce, for use on their computer systems, or a listing in such other form as
Commerce agrees, identifying Association Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media file
list will be provided in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2 Association agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the Association Rewards
Card through commercially viable means including, at Association?s expense, but not limited to: (1) two
exclusive e-mail and/or e-blast messages on an annual basis to all Association Members to solicit
potential Accountholders and make them aware of the Association Rewards Card and its benefits; (2) the
prominent placement of internet advertisements and web links, including a banner on the home page, on
the official Association internet website in order to direct applicants to a Association Rewards Card
application internet web page located at Commerce or with its service provider throughout the Initial
Term and any Renewal Term; (3) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the Association Rewards Card

6
