party. The Committee may meet in person, via telephone or video conference, or in any combination thereof. The Committee's initial
meeting may occur prior to the Effective Date and the Committee will meet at least once during each Program Year. In the event a
majority of the full Committee cannot reach agreement on a matter of significance to the Program, such matter will be elevated to a
senior executive of FNBO and a senior executive of RUF, who shall conference on such matter within a reasonable time and shall in
goad faith attempt to resolve such matter. Any such resolution by the senior executives will be deemed to be the action and approval of
the Committee for purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Prior to each of the first meetings of the Committee in each Program Year, the Program Managers will prepare a mutually agreeable
Marketing Plan setting forth the parties' marketing strategies for each Program Year.

(c) During each meeting of the Committee, the Program Managers will, as the case may be, present the upcoming Program Year's
Marketing Plan, or provide a review of the then-current Program Year's Marketing Plan, as well as update the Committee on, among
other matters, portfolio performance metrics, existing marketing efforts and, to the extent available, industry news and information
regarding industry best practices and marketing trends; and the Committee will endeavor to provide the Program Managers guidance
and recommendations regarding the Marketing Plan, as well as other short and long-term marketing strategies, intended to maximize
the origination of new Accounts and the revenues generated for the parties through the origination and retention of the Accounts. The
parties agree that the product offered to those appearing on the Member List will have no annual fee and will have competitive rates,
fees and benefits.

(d) During each Program Year, FNBO shall conduct an annual review of credit card products offered to the alumni associations of peer
institutions in the Big Ten Conference to confirm that the credit card product offered pursuant to this Agreement is deemed competitive
with the majority of similar credit card products offered by peer institutions in the Big Ten Conference as to the rates, fees, benefits and
reward program offered. Those educational institutions that shall be considered ?peer institutions? in the Big Ten Conference shall be
as determined by the Committee. Whether the credit card product is deemed ?competitive? with the credit card products offered by peer
institutions shall be as determined by the Committee. In the event that the econamic environment changes to the extent that an annual
fee product would be considered competitive with credit card products offered by peer institutions in the Big Ten Conference, the
parties agree to consider offering an annual fee credit card product.

(e) FNBO will use its best efforts to solicit, encourage Activation, and retain at least 31,156 Accounts during the Initial Term. Activation
activities for all new Cards will begin approximately 60 Business Days from Card issuance.

(f} Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Committee nor the Program Managers will be authorized to amend any terms of this
Agreement; and any amendments, modifications and substitutions proposed under any Marketing Plan, will not be effective to bind
either party hereto except and to the extent expressly intended to be an amendment to this Agreement signed by authorized
representatives of RUF and FNBO in accordance with Section 11.3 of this Agreement.

(g) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement providing, or allowing, for the mutual consent of the parties, FNBO shall have sole
discretion and final decision-making authority with respect to the form, content, and use of cardmember agreements, statements,
servicing materials, notices, Account related letters and messages, communications required to service Accounts, disclosures, rewards
program materials, and any other communications with Cardholders or related to Accounts, and notwithstanding that such materials
contain RUF Marks; provided, however, RUF will have approval rights for any use of the RUF Mark in Marketing Materials as provided
in Section 2.8.

2.3 Solicitations. RUF authorizes FNBO to conduct marketing and solicitations for Accounts and related products and services to
Persons on any Member List provided to FNBO or referred to FNBO by RUF. Although FNBO may choose to do so, FNBO is under no
obligation to conduct any specific marketing or solicitation activities under this Agreement. RUF acknowledges that FNBO may, in its
discretion or upon subsequent mutual agreement of the parties, conduct marketing and solicitation through direct mail, inbound
telemarketing, internet promotions, electronic mail messages, website links, promotional events and other channels. FNBO is under no
obligation to solicit any or all Persons on any Member List.

2.4 Member Lists. RUAA, through RUF, shall provide to FNBO a Member List up to eight times during each Program Year, as
requested by FNBO with at least ten Business Days? notice, so that marketing campaigns such as direct mail campaigns and/or e-mail
campaigns can be conducted as determined by the Committee. As between FNBO and RUF, RUF is the sole and exclusive owner of
the Member Lists and the Member Lists are RUF's Confidential Information. RUF grants FNBO a limited, non-exclusive and royalty free
license to use the Member Lists during the Term (and longer as permitted pursuant to the Agreement) for Program purposes. Without
RUF's prior written approval, FNBO shalt not attempt to assemble or compile any list of Members to be used for any purpose other than
as strictly related to the Program.

2.5 RUF's Participation. RUF agrees to use its best efforts to support and endorse any agreed upon marketing and solicitation of
Accounts and to reasonably cooperate with FNBO in promoting the Program. At each current and future Rutgers Alumni Relations
Office, RUF agrees to use reasonable efforts to: (a) instruct its Sales Employees to not discuss the features and benefits of Accounts
and Cards and to refer any inquiries or questions to FNBO; (b) continuously and prominently display Marketing Materials supplied by

4 mwk 6-21-16
