any costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a
bond during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

. jati isputes. Neither Association shall have any
liability to Commerce o or ?any ?Accountholder for any of the operating or credit functions of the Member
Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency or Accountholder disputes with
Commerce.

11.4 Survival of Provisions. The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 11 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 12. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Associations agree that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to their respective Accountholders and
potential Accountholders and that Associations will not enter into any agreements which will be effective
prior to the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available,
to any existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor
enter into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement
for the marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts. For the avoidance of
doubt, the restrictions in this Article 12 do not apply to any prepaid cards, debit cards, corporate credit
cards or any other financial products that are not consumer credit Rewards Cards nor to the Children?s
Miracle Network Visa Platinum Card.

ARTICLE 13. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by a party to another party shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Alumni Association at:
University of Florida Alumni Association
1938 W. University Avenue
Gainesville, Florida 32603
Attention: Chris Cupoli

(b) To Athletic Association at:
University Athletic Association
Ben Hill Griffin Stadium
P.O. Box 14485
Gainesville, Florida 32604
Attention: Mike Hill

(c) To Commerce at: Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza
