Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, any Rewards Card issued before such termination may
continue to be held and used by Accountholders until the stated expiration date of those credit cards.

4.4 In the event of termination of this Agreement, all Member Accounts shall remain the
exclusive property of Commerce, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation
on part of Commerce to pay Royalties thereon; provided, however, if Commerce terminates this
Agreement for a reason other than as provided for in Article 4.5, Royalties on Rewards Card (bearing the
Association Licensed Trademarks only) transactions occurring after termination of the Agreement will be
payable to Association at the rate and terms as provided in Attachment B. Notwithstanding the
termination of this Agreement or the transfer of the Member Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit
and offer credit card accounts or other financial services to Accountholders. Further, Commerce agrees to
consider any written offer by Assocation and a US based MasterCard financial institution credit card
issuer to purchase the Association Member Accounts from Commerce, which such written offer should
include an agreement to pay all deconversion and transfer expenses. Any such offer to purchase the
Association Member Accounts will not be considered by Commerce in the event Association is in default
of this Agreement or this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article 4.5. The decision on
whether to accept any offer of purchase is within the sole discretion of Commerce.

4.5 Either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate this Agreement if: (1) a
party fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in
this Agreement and fails to remedy or cure such material term, obligation, covenant or condition within
thirty (30) calendar days following written notice to such party stating, with particularity and in
reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach; or (2) a material adverse change occurs in a party?s
financial condition; or (3) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for
the dissolution or termination of a party?s existence as a going business, the insolvency of a party, the
appointment of a receiver for any part of a party?s property, the assignment for the benefit of creditors,
any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against a party; or (4) commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings,
whether by judicial proceeding, selfhelp, repossession or any other method, is begun by any creditor of a
party or by any governmental agency against any of a party?s property.

ARTICLE 5. Accountholder Terms and Benefits

5.1 (a) Commerce agrees to provide certain features and enhancements to Association
Accountholders which shall include the minimum MasterCard standards for product enhancements
associated with the MasterCard product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be
available only for such period of time as the related services are available to Commerce and its
cardholders from third party processors and providers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Enhancements are subject to cancellation or change by Commerce at any time, with or without prior
notice. Commerce reserves the right to add, delete, modify or withdraw Enhancements or change the
specific features of any such Enhancements from time-to-time during the Initial Term and any Renewal
Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that from time-to-time one or more of the
Enhancements offered by Commerce to the Accountholders are provided by third parties unrelated to
Commerce and that such Enhancements, including the availability and cost thereof to Commerce, may
change from time-to-time and any such Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified or withdrawn in
the sole discretion of Commerce.
