and all Losses arising out of or connected with any third party Infringement Claim based on the use or
sale of the services, products, programs, systems, and/or materials (?Product?). ?Infringement Claim?
means any claim or action asserting that Commerce infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, or other alleged proprietary right. ?Losses? means all costs,
expenses, damages, and liabilities, including, but not limited to, compensatory damages, enhanced
damages, attorneys? fees, and other losses including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorney
fees and disbursements and the expenses of enforcing this provision. The covered Losses include any
costs or losses caused by the entry of an injunction, including any costs associated with posting a bond
during appeal, replacement costs, or business interruption losses.

10.3 Association shall have no liability to Commerce or any Accountholder for any of the
operating or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder
delinquency or Accountholder disputes with Commerce.

10.4 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, Association agrees that
Commerce will be the exclusive provider of the Rewards Card to Accountholders and potential
Accountholders and that Association will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to
the termination of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any
existing or potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter
into any agreement with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the
marketing or solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

ications,_any_notice required_or permitted to be
given hereunder by either party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To Association at:
Lindenwood Female College DBA Lindenwood University
209 South Kingshighway
St. Charles, Missouri 63301
Attention: Gregory L. Phelps

(b) To Commerce at:
Commerce Bank
c/o Commerce BankCard Center
811 Main Street, 12th Floor
P.O. Box 13607
Kansas City, Missouri 64199
Attention: Chad Doza

11
