be modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and are incorporated by reference herein and
shall constitute part of this Agreement.

7.2. All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by Association for'use with solicitations of its
Members. Association will provide such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of Commerce
hereunder. All art which Association provides to Commerce, in whatever media and for whatever purpose.
shall be promptly returned to Association upon the request of Association, except for art reasonably
required for authorized current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. Commerce
acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to Association, may only be used for Commerce's authorized
activities under this Agreement, and Commerce agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made
available for use by any third party, unless such third party is required to assist Commerce in the fulfilling
of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall cease to use the Association Licensed
Trademarks. Commerce agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or
to the Association?s Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, Commerce shall not
attempt to cause the removal of the Association?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's
credit devices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.
Commerce agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other action,
which might affect the Association?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks. Commerce
understands and agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to the Association?s exclusive
benefit and that Commerce will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use Commerce may make of the
Licensed Trademarks, other than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4. Commerce agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary
trademark rights notices of Association as Association may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically
granted by Association are reserved,

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 The parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs.
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively. the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Initial Term or a
Renewal Term of this Agreement: and each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary Property
developed by a party during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement shall, at all times be
considered, held and included in the collective definition of Proprietary Property and will be owned by and
remain the Proprietary Property of that party during the term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter,
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, each party will at all times, both during and
after the term of this Agreement, retain sole right, title and interest in and to all Proprietary Property created
by it prior to entering into or during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement.

8.2 With respect to the Proprietary Property of the other party, each party agrees: (1) certain
portions of the Proprietary Property are confidential and agrees to protect the confidentiality of all such
Proprietary Property of the other parties in its possession as Confidential Information; (2) it will not
disseminate any Proprietary Property without the written authorization of the appropriate party except in
order to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement; (3) it will not remove or alter any copyright, trademark
or other proprietary rights notice from any materials furnished to it in connection with this Agreement; (4)

8
