reasonable cost of such audit if there was unresolved underpayment of more than ten percent (10%) of the
Compensation due to the Associations and the Associations will pay the cost of such audit in all other
circumstances. Nevertheless, any underpayment of any amount due from Commerce to the Associations
will be reimbursed to the Associations; and Associations agrees to reimburse Commerce or permit
Commerce to reduce the amount of future Compensation payments to recoup the amount of any
overpayment.

5.7 Demographic Information. Upon request Commerce agrees that from time-to-time but no
more frequently than twice per calendar year it will compile its then-standard available reports to
Associations providing aggregate demographic information about Associations cardholders as may
reasonably be requested by Associations.

ARTICLE 6. Term of Agreen

6.1 Initial Seven Year Term. The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on the
Effective Date and continue until April 30, 2024 (the ?Initial Term?). At the expiration of the Initial Term
of this Agreement, it shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a ?Renewal
Term?) unless either Association notifies Commerce or Commerce notifies the Associations in writing at
least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement or prior to the
expiration of any Renewal Term, that it is terminating and canceling this Agreement. A notice to
Commerce of cancellation by one Association will be effective as if provided by both Associations.

Se greements. This Agreement shall supersede and replace all co-
branded and/or Affinity Group Bank Card ?Agreements between the parties, if any, entered into prior to
the Effective Date.

6.3 Cards Continue After Termination. Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any
Rewards Card issued before such termination may continue to be held and used by Accountholders until
the stated expiration date of those credit cards.

6.4 Member Accounts Remain Property of Commerce After Termination. In the event of

termination of this Agreement, all Member Accounts shall remain the exclusive property of Commerce,
including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation on part of Commerce to pay
Royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the transfer of the Member
Accounts, Commerce may thereafter solicit and offer credit card accounts or other financial services to
Accountholders.

6.5 Early Termination with Cause. Either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice,
terminate this Agreement if: (1) a party fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation,
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement and fails to remedy or cure such material term,
obligation, covenant or condition within thirty (30) calendar days following written notice to such party
stating, with particularity and in reasonable detail, the nature of the claimed breach; or (2) a material
adverse change occurs in a party?s financial condition; or (3) commencement of proceedings, whether
voluntary or involuntary, is begun for the dissolution or termination of a party?s existence as a going
business, the insolvency of a party, the appointment of a receiver for any part of a party?s property, the
assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any
proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against a party; or (4) commencement of
foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, selfhelp, repossession or any other
method, is begun by any creditor of a party or by any governmental agency against any of a party?s
property.

