identifying UNTAA Members for solicitation purposes. Such electronic media file list will be provided
in the format specified in the Attachment ?C.?

6.2. UNTAA agrees to cooperate with Commerce to actively market the UNTAA Visa Rewards
Card through commercially viable means including, at UNTAA?s expense, but not limited to: (1) up to
four (4) e-mail and/or e-blast messages on an annual basis to all UNTAA Members to exclusively solicit
potential Accountholders and make them aware of the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card and its benefits; (2)
the prominent placement of Web links on the official UNTAA internet wet ite in order to direct
applicants to a UNTAA Visa Rewards Card application internet Web page located at Commerce or with
its service provider; (3) encouraging Accountholders to utilize the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card once
issued; (4) distribution of UNTAA Visa Rewards Card solicitation materials and applications to potential
Accountholders; and (5) advertising in various UNTAA publications, social media, web advertising,
magazines, periodicals and the UNTAA Alumni Newsletter. UNTAA agrees that it will obtain prior
written approval from Commerce for the use of all marketing materials, including the form and content of
such marketing materials as well as the proposed media to be utilized, relating to the promotion of the
UNTAA Visa Rewards Card (including the use of bank?s name, logo, trademarks, etc.) developed by or
for UNTAA in any marketing effort whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or undertaken
pursuant to this Agreement

6.3, UNTAA agrees to develop and offer unique and exclusive benefits to Members in order to
differentiate the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card from other credit cards (collectively, the ?Exclusive
Benefits?). Exclusive Benefits to be offered may include, but are not limited to: (1) UNTAA Visa
Rewards Card activation incentives; (2) A minimum ten percent (10%) discount or bonus rewards points
on UNTAA membership fees if paid with a UNTAA Visa Rewards Card provided the implementation
and administration of this Exclusive Benefit is agreed to in writing in advance by both parties; (3)
Discount for conferences and events offered by UNTAA if paid with a UNTAA Visa Rewards Card; (4) a
minimum ten percent (10%) discount or bonus rewards points on the University of North Texas on-line
bookstore purchases; or (5) other Exclusive Benefits as agreed to, in advance, by both parties. The
parties agree that implementation and administration of each of the Exclusive Benefits must be agreed to
in writing and in advance by both parties. UNTAA agrees that all Exclusive Benefits, other than the
process for awarding bonus rewards points, will be provided directly to Membe 5 by delivery of those
benefits to a Member by UNTAA. Commerce and UNTAA agree that Exclusive Benefits that may be
developed and offered in the future as UNTAA Visa Rewards Card Exclusive Benefits will add value to
the card program by generating new Member participation and provide an increase in UNTAA Visa
Rewards Card usage. Any change in the Exclusive Benefits is subject to the approval by Commerce,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

6.4 UNTAA shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by Commerce, artwork for
card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically associated with the sales,
support, marketing and servicing of the UNTAA Visa Rewards Card.

6.5 Commerce shall be responsible for all expenses associated with its Services and
Enhancements, except for those expenses for which UNTAA shall be responsible as set forth in this
Agreement or for any instance of special actions requested by UNTAA, such as special mailings,
additional postage, special printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of Commerce?s Routine
Operations and not provided for herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined
herein as those activities performed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding
and collecting credit card loans. UNTAA shall reimburse Commerce for the direct costs of any such

6
