AFFINITY ROYALTY LICENSING AGREEMENT
wl
THIS AGREEMENT, to be effective this | day of uly :2021 (the
?Effective Date?) by and between Bethel College Alumni Association, a not-for-profit
association having its principal office at 300 E. 27" St, North Newton, Kansas 67117 (?Group?)
and INTRUST Bank, N.A., a national association, having its principal offices at 105 N. Main,
Wichita, Kansas 67202 (?IB?).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, IB desires to make available its consumer credit card(s) issued in
association with various card networks of IB?s choosing from time to time, which may include
Visa, MasterCard, and American Express, convenience checks, and related services (hereinafter
collectively referred to as ?Credit Cards?) to the Group?s membership, which include alumni,
officers, directors, employees, friends, faculty, staff members of Bethel College, and its officers,
directors, and employees (?Members?); and

WHEREAS, Group is willing to allow IB to use certain of Group?s. proprietary
intellectual property for IB?s offering of IB?s Credit Cards to and among the Members subject to
the terms and conditions hereinafter contained.

AGREEMENT:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. License to Use Marks.

(a) During the term of this Agreement, IB shall have the right and license to use the
current and future respective name, mascot, trademarks, service marks,-copyrights, logos, and
film or likenesses of mascot of the Group or to which the ?Group has rights (collectively the
?Marks?) solely in connection with the marketing, issuing, and servicing of Credit Cards pando
revolving lines of credit to Members under this Agreement throughout the United States (the ??*"
?Affinity Program?). Examples of Group?s current Marks are set forth in Exhibit A attached
hereto. Such right and license is restricted to the products and services described herein and shall
not apply or extend to any other product or service offered by IB. Group hereby agrees that the
Marks may be used on all Affinity Program materials, associated forms, and disclosures. Group
and IB agree that IB will only issue Credit Card products bearing the Marks pursuant to this
Agreement, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by IB and Group. Except for amounts
paid to Group pursuant to Paragraph 5, IB shall not be required to pay any additional amounts to
Group, or on account of Group, in connection with the use of the Marks in conjunction with this
Affinity Program.

(b) Subject to the foregoing, Group is and shall remain the owner or licensee of all
rights in and to the Marks, including all rights in and to any copyright, trademark, service mark
