5. Royalties.

(a) In consideration of the use of the Group?s Marks and Lists, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, IB shall pay to Group an amount equal to twenty-two percent (22%)
of the interchange revenue generated by the program on all Cards using the Group?s Marks earned
on Net Purchase transactions by Credit Card members, provided that IB receives at least the same
payment from its sublicensee, earned for each month (or portion thereof) during the term of this
Agreement (?Royalties?). ?Net Purchase? means the dollar value of the purchases charged to a
then-current credit Accounts during the applicable period, excluding transactions other than
purchases (such as cash advances, convenience checks, and balance transfers) net of the dollar
value of any chargebacks, refunds, purchase returns, and credits for purchases (other than payment
credits).

(b) 1B will pay Royalties to Group by the 20th day of month (or, if the 20th day of such
month is not a Business Day, the next Business Day thereafter) following the month in which
Royalties are earned. Contemporaneous with the payment of Royalties, IB shall provide Group
with a monthly reconciliation report. Group shall have the right upon reasonable notice to IB to
have Group?s outside auditors review IB?s books and records related to the reconciliation reports
to confirm their accuracy,

(c) IB may off-set or set-off from any payment to Group any amounts that Group may
owe IB for any reasons, whether under this Agreement, another agreement, or otherwise. IB
reserves the right to collect and upon demand Group will pay IB the amount of Royalties paid to
Group related to the dollar value of any chargebacks, refunds, purchase returns, or credits for
purchases including within Net Sales in prior periods and not otherwise off-set by IB.

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, the royalty payment is for the use of the marks in
connection with the marketing, issuing and servicing of all Cards, but the royalty payment is
calculated solely upon the interchange income as defined in paragraph (a) above which is generated
by the Credit Card program.

6. Relationship. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to constitute or
establish an agency, joint venture, partnership or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and
neither party shall have the right or authority to act for or on behalf of the other party.

7. Confidentiality. For the term of this Agreement and or a period of one (1) year following
its termination for any reason whatsoever, IB and Group (including their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, and assigns) shal! keep confidential any and all information obtained
from the other party concerning the assets, properties, business services, clients, trade secrets,
organizational structure, philosophy, objectives, marketing plans and materials, financial plans and
results and other information relating to the other party (the ?Confidential Information?), and shall
not use such information (including without limitation this Agreement) for any purpose other than
that purpose contemplated under this Agreement. Each party acknowledges the importance of
maintaining the security and confidentiality of Confidential Information and agrees to take
whatever measures are necessary to prevent the unauthorized or inadvertent transfer, disclosure,
access or use of the other party?s Confidential Information to or by any third party. Each party

