DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

(d) Other than KUAA?s general promotional activities as specified in this Agreement
or as provided in Exhibit B, neither KUAA nor its officers, directors, employees, or agents will
engage in any direct solicitations or marketing related to the Affinity Program or Cards without
IB?s written approval.

4, Issuance of Cards.

(a) For Credit Cards, all credit decisions, including but not limited to, the initial
approval of accounts, the establishment of credit lines and the closing of accounts shall be within
the exclusive discretion of IB.

(b) Cards issued by IB and its sublicensees pursuant to the Affinity Program shall be
governed by terms of cardmember agreements to be entered into between Members and IB.
Notwithstanding any other limitations contained in this Agreement, IB shall have the right to
amend such cardmember agreements at any time in accordance with applicable law, including
without limitation, the applicable annual percentage rate (APR).

(c) KUAA shall not possess any ownership interest in Cards issued and accounts
accessible through use of Cards (collectively the ?Accounts?). In addition, any and all outstanding
balances with respect thereto (including, without limitation, all amounts owing for the payment of
goods and services, periodic finance charges, late and other charges) and all records developed
and retained by IB in connection therewith, shall be the sole property of IB or its assigns and
KUAA shall have no rights or interests therein.

5. Royalties.

(a) In consideration of the use of the KUAA?s Marks and Lists, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, IB shall pay to KUAA an amount equal to twenty-two percent
(22%) of the interchange income earned on Net Purchase transactions by Credit Card members
and received by IB from its sublicensee for which it was earned for each month (or portion thereof)
during the term of this Agreement (?Royalties?). ?Net Purchase? means the dollar value of the
purchases charged to a then-current credit Accounts during the applicable period, excluding
transactions other than purchases (such as cash advances, convenience checks, and balance
transfers) net of the dollar value of any chargebacks, refunds, purchase returns, and credits for
purchases (other than payment credits).

(b) IB will pay Royalties to KUAA by the 20th day of month (or, if the 20th day of
such month is not a Business Day, the next Business Day thereafter) following the month in which
Royalties are earned. Contemporaneous with the payment of Royalties, IB shall provide KUAA
with a monthly reconciliation report. KUAA shall have the right upon reasonable notice to IB to
have KUAA?s outside auditors review IB?s books and records related to the identification of
cardholders and the reconciliation reports to confirm their accuracy.

(c) IB may off-set or set-off from any payment to KUAA any amounts that KUAA
may owe IB for any reasons, whether under this Agreement, another agreement, or otherwise. IB
reserves the right to collect and upon demand KUAA will pay IB the amount of Royalties paid to
