DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

9. Release and Indemnification.

(a) IB shall not be responsible in any way for any misrepresentation, negligent act or
omission or willful misconduct of KUAA, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, or employees
in connection with the entry into, or performance of, any obligation of IB under this Agreement.
KUAA shall not be responsible in any way for any misrepresentation, negligent act or omission or
willful misconduct of IB, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, or employees in connection with
the entry into, or performance of, any obligation of KUAA under this Agreement.

(b) IB shall indemnify, defend and hold KUAA harmless from and against all claims,
actions, suits or other proceedings, and any and all losses, judgments, damages, expenses, or other
costs (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements), but excluding Excluded Damages,
arising from or in any way relating to (i) any actual or alleged violation or inaccuracy of any
representation or warranty of IB contained in Paragraph 8 above, (ii) any act or omission of IB in
connection with the issuance of Cards and/or the administration of Card Accounts and (iii) any
negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of IB or its directors, officers, employees, agents
or assigns in connection with the entry into or performance of this Agreement.

(c) KUAA shall indemnify, defend and hold IB harmless from and against all claims,
actions, suits or other proceedings, and any and all losses, judgments, damages, expenses or other
costs (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements), but excluding Excluded Damages,
arising from or in any way relating to (i) any actual or alleged violation or inaccuracy of any
representation or warranty of KUAA contained in Paragraph 8 above, (ii) any actual or alleged
infringement of any trademark, copyright, trade name or other proprietary ownership interest
resulting from the use by IB or its sublicensees of the Marks or Lists as contemplated by this
Agreement, and (iii) any negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of KUAA or its directors,
officers, employees, agents, venture partners or assigns in connection with the entry into or
performance of this Agreement.

(d) Except for specific types of damages stated elsewhere in this Agreement, neither
party will be liable to the other party for damages for lost profits, exemplary, punitive, special,
incidental, indirect, or consequential damages suffered by the other party, except for damages
payable by a party owed indemnification under this Section 9 to a person not related to such party
(collectively, ?Excluded Damages?).

10. Term and Termination.

(a) Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs 10(b), (c) and (d) below, performance
under this Agreement shall commence as of Effective Date and shall continue until August 5, 2022
(the ?Initial Term?). Thereafter, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive
annual periods thereafter (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless either party delivers a written notice of
termination at least 90 days before the end of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term
of its intent not to renew the Agreement.

(b) If there is a default or breach by either party in the performance of any term or
condition of this Agreement (including any material misrepresentation by either party of any
