interest resulting from the use by IB or its sublicensees of the Marks or Lists as contemplated by
this Agreement, and (iii) any negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of Group or its
directors, officers, employees, agents, venture partners or assigns in connection with the entry
into or performance of this Agreement.

(d) Except for specific types of damages stated elsewhere in this Agreement, neither
party will be liable to the other party for damages for lost profits, exemplary, punitive, special,
incidental, indirect, or consequential damages suffered by the other party, except for damages
payable by a party owed indemnification under this Section 9 to a person not related to such
party (collectively, ?Excluded Damages?).

10. Term and Termination.

(a) Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs 10(b), (c) and (d) below, performance
under this Agreement shall commence as of Effective Date and shall continue until August 5,
2024 (the ?Initial Term?). Thereafter, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for
successive annual periods thereafter (each a ?Renewal Term?) unless (i) either party delivers a
written notice of termination at least 180 days before the end of the Initial Term or the then-
current Renewal Term of its intent not to renew the Agreement, or (ii) IB delivers a written
notice of termination at least 60 days before the end of the Initial Term or the then-current
Renewal Term of its intent not to renew the Agreement if IB had previously received notice from
its sublicensee that such sublicensee will terminate its agreement with IB effective at the end of
such Initial Term or Renewal Term.

(b) If there is a default or breach by either party in the performance of any term or
condition of this Agreement (including any material misrepresentation by either party of any
matter set forth in Paragraph 8 herein) and any such default or material misrepresentation in this
Agreement shall continue for a period of sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice thereof
(setting forth in detail the nature of such default or misrepresentation), then this Agreement shall
terminate as of the 61st day following the receipt of such written notice at the option of the non-
defaulting party. If the non-defaulting party does not elect to terminate this Agreement, the non-
defaulting party may file suit for injunctive relief to require the defaulting party to comply with
the terms of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement shall be deemed immediately terminated, without the
requirement of further action or notice by either party, in the event that either party shall become
subject to voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, conservatorship or like
proceedings pursuant to applicable state or federal law.

(d) In the event any material change in any federal, state or local law, statute,
operating rule or regulation, or any material change in any operating rule or regulation of the
applicable card network or in the terms and conditions of IB?s agreement with its sublicensee
makes the continued performance of this Agreement under such changed terms and conditions
unduly financially burdensome or legally prohibited, then IB shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement upon 30 business days advance written notice. Such written notice shall include a
detailed explanation as evidence of the burden imposed as a result of such change.
