and/or like rights pertaining thereto. Any and all rights to Group?s Marks not herein specifically
granted and licensed to IB are reserved to Group. Except as otherwise specifically provided for
in Paragraph 10(e) hereof, upon the termination of this Agreement, all rights conveyed by Group
to IB with respect to the use of Group?s Marks shall cease, and all such rights shall revert to
Group. Upon termination of this Agreement, IB shall have no further right to market its Credit
Card products using the Group Marks or to further utilize any promotional materials containing
the Group Marks.

2. Mailing Lists.

(a) Group shall provide IB with lists of the Group Members eighteen (18) years of
age and older, including names and the preferred Member addresses, via media and in a format
reasonably required by IB (the ?Lists?). Group shall provide IB with updated Lists upon request
from IB from time to time. If IB desires to undertake a campaign that requires telephone
numbers, Group will provide Member telephone numbers with the Lists for use only during that
campaign. If IB desires to undertake a campaign that requires email addresses, Group will
provide Member email addresses with the Lists or Group will email any campaign materials
using its systems and Member email information. All Lists shall be provided to IB by Group at
no additional costs to IB beyond that set forth in Paragraph 5. Upon request, Group will provide
additional demographic information to IB for purposes of promoting the Affinity Program. IB
shall have the right to attend Group events free of charge for the purpose of soliciting Affinity
Program applications; attendance at such events will be mutually agreed upon by IB and Group
in advance.

(b) IB shall use the Lists and information provided by Group on a basis consistent
with the intent and terms of this Agreement, i.e., to market and service Credit Card and the
Affinity Program. IB and its sublicensees shall not rent, use or permit any third party to use such
Lists for any other purpose. IB and its sublicensees shall not rent or otherwise make available
such Lists to any third party (except for the purposes of fulfilling obligations under this
Agreement) without the express written consent of Group. The Lists provided by Group are and
shall remain the sole property of Group provided they have been provided to IB by Group at no
expense to IB. IB may maintain separately all information which it obtains as a result of an
account relationship or an application for an account relationship with any Group Member. This
information becomes a part of IB?s own files which shall not be subject to this Agreement and
will not imply or suggest any endorsement by Group.

3. Offering of Credit Cards by IB. IB may offer Credit Cards to Members in accordance
with the following provisions:

(a) Subject to subparagraph (c) of this Paragraph 3, IB may, at its own expense,
design and develop such marketing, promotion and solicitation materials as it deems appropriate
to promote the Affinity Program among Members, and the Group shall not unreasonably impede
IB with the administration of such activities. IB shall schedule and direct the solicitation of
Group Members. IB reserves the right to limit its solicitation materials to those persons
determined in IB?s and its sublicensee?s discretion, including without limitation, those persons
