(b) Subject to federal, state and local laws and any other applicable industry rules and
regulations, all approved accounts shall receive Credit Cards and/or Debit Cards, as may be
applicable issued by IB. Group shall have the right to review the use of the Marks on the Cards for
the sole purpose of protecting the goodwill associated with the Marks, such approval may not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Except as expressly allowed herein, Group shall have no other
right to design or participate in the design of the Cards.

(c) IB shall submit to Group, for its prior approval, samples of all acquisition
marketing, promotional, or solicitation materials, printed or otherwise, which IB intends to utilize
to promote the Affinity Program among Members, including promotional merchandise which may
or may not bear the Marks used to incent individuals to apply for Cards. Group shall review such
materials and respond to IB?s request for approval on a timely basis. In addition, approval by
Group of any marketing materials submitted by IB for review shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed. If a response has not been received within fifteen (15) Business Days (any day in which
IB is open for business), the submission will be deemed approved. Group shall review such
materials only to protect the good will associated with the Marks. Once approved, IB has no
obligation to submit the same or similar materials for Group?s approval. IB further reserves the
right to communicate non-marketing information to the cardmember, which it normally sends its
other cardmembers, and does utilize the Group?s name or logo, without having to obtain the
approval of Group. IB shall have the right to offer other financial products to Members. If IB
wishes to promote other financial products to Group Members using the Group?s endorsement,
name or logo or promote other financial products to Group Members using the mailing lists as
provided by Group, IB will obtain prior approval for such use of the lists.

(d) Other than Group?s general promotional activities as specified in this Agreement,
neither Group nor its officers, directors, employees, or agents will engage in any direct solicitations
or marketing related to the Affinity Program or Cards.

4. Issuance of Cards.

(a) For Credit Cards, all credit decisions, including but not limited to, the initial
approval of accounts, the establishment of credit lines and the closing of accounts shall be within
the exclusive discretion of IB.

(b) Cards issued by IB and its sublicensees pursuant to the Affinity Program shall be
governed by terms of cardmember agreements to be entered into between Members and IB.
Notwithstanding any other limitations contained in this Agreement, IB shall have the right to
amend such cardmember agreements at any time in accordance with applicable law, including
without limitation, the applicable annual percentage rate (APR).

(c) Group shall not possess any ownership interest in Cards issued and accounts
accessible through use of Cards (collectively the ?Accounts?). In addition, any and all outstanding
balances with respect thereto (including, without limitation, all amounts owing for the payment of
goods and services, periodic finance charges, late and other charges) and all records developed
and retained by IB in connection therewith, shall be the sole property of IB or its assigns and Group
shall have no rights or interests therein.

