DocuSign Envelope ID: 8A8D9FE8-4934-4EAE-BEC8-CF1F49EDE4DA

(b) Subject to the foregoing, KUAA is and shall remain the owner or licensee of all
rights in and to the Marks, including all rights in and to any copyright, trademark, service mark
and/or like rights pertaining thereto. Any and all rights to KUAA?s Marks not herein specifically
granted and licensed to IB are reserved to KUAA. Except as otherwise specifically provided for
in Paragraph 10(e) hereof, upon the termination of this Agreement, all rights conveyed by KUAA
to IB with respect to the use of KUAA?s Marks shall cease, and all such rights shall revert to
KUAA. Upon termination of this Agreement, IB shall have no further right to market its Card
products using the KUAA Marks or to further utilize any promotional materials containing the
KUAA Marks.

2. Mailing Lists.

(a) KUAA shall provide IB with lists (which KUAA already maintains in its normal
and customary business practice for its own purposes) of the KUAA Members eighteen (18) years
of age and older, including names and the preferred Member mailing addresses, via media and in
a format reasonably required by IB (the ?Lists?). KUAA shall provide IB with updated Lists upon
request from IB from time to time but not more frequently than once every ninety (90) days. If IB
desires to undertake a campaign that requires email addresses, KUAA will provide Member email
addresses with the Lists or alternatively, at KUAA?s sole discretion, KUAA may email any
campaign materials using its systems and Member email information. All Lists shall be provided
to IB by KUAA at no additional costs to IB beyond that set forth in Paragraph 5. Upon request,
KUAA may, at its sole discretion, provide additional demographic information to IB for purposes
of promoting the Affinity Program. IB shall have the right to attend KUAA events free of charge
for the purpose of soliciting Affinity Program applications, provided that KUAA in its sole
discretion may deny IB access to a particular event should KUAA determine solicitation of Card
applications is undesirable due to the nature of the event; attendance at such events will be mutually
agreed upon by IB and KUAA in advance.

(b) IB shall use the Lists and information provided by KUAA on a basis consistent
with the intent and terms of this Agreement, i.e., to market and service Cards and the Affinity
Program. IB and its sublicensees shall not rent, use or permit any third party to use such Lists for
any other purpose. IB and its sublicensees shall not rent or otherwise make available such Lists to
any third party (except for the purposes of fulfilling obligations under this Agreement) without the
express written consent of KUAA. The Lists provided by KUAA are and shall remain the sole
property of KUAA provided they have been provided to IB by KUAA at no expense to IB. IB may
maintain separately all information which it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an
application for an account relationship with any KUAA Member. This information becomes a part
of IB?s own files which shall not be subject to this Agreement and will not imply or suggest any
endorsement by KUAA.

(c) KUAA will use its best efforts to maintain the accuracy of the Lists but makes no
guaranty of the accuracy thereof. KUAA may impose limitations with respect to Members to be
included in the Lists. If any Member requests deletion, limitation, nondisclosure or any other
change or withholding of information, then IB and KUAA shall honor such request.
