AFFINITY ROYALTY LICENSING AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, to be effective the 1st day of June, 2021 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Wichita State University Alumni Association, Inc., a not-for-profit association having
its principal office at 1845 Fairmount Street, Wichita Kansas 67260 and INTRUST Bank, N.A., a
national association, having its principal offices at 105 N. Main, Wichita, Kansas 67202 (?IB?).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, IB desires to make available its consumer and business credit card(s) and
consumer debit cards issued in association with various card networks of IB?s choosing from time
to time, which may include Visa, MasterCard, and American Express, convenience checks, and
related services (hereinafter referred to as ?Credit Card(s),? ?Debt Card(s),? or collectively
?Card(s)?) to the Group?s membership, which include alumni, officers, directors, employees,
friends, faculty, staff members of Wichita State University, and its officers, directors, and
employees (?Members?); and

WHEREAS, Group is willing to allow IB to use certain of Group?s proprietary intellectual
property for IB?s offering of Cards to and among the Members subject to the terms and conditions
hereinafter contained.

AGREEMENT:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. License to Use Marks.

(a) During the term of this Agreement, IB shall have the right and license to use the
current and future respective name, mascot, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, logos, and film
or likenesses of mascot of the Group or to which the Group has rights (collectively the ?Marks?)
solely in connection with the marketing, issuing, and servicing of Cards and revolving lines of
credit to Members under this Agreement throughout the United States (the ?Affinity Program?).
Examples of Group?s current Marks are set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. Such right and
license is restricted to the products and services described herein and shall not apply or extend to
any other product or service offered by IB. Group hereby agrees that the Marks may be used on
all Affinity Program materials, associated forms, and disclosures. Group and IB agree that IB will
only issue Card products bearing the Marks pursuant to this Agreement, unless otherwise mutually
agreed in writing by IB and Group. Except for amounts paid to Group pursuant to Paragraph 5, IB
shall not be required to pay any additional amounts to Group, or on account of Group, in
connection with the use of the Marks in conjunction with this Affinity Program.

(b) Subject to the foregoing, Group is and shall remain the owner or licensee of all
rights in and to the Marks, including all rights in and to any copyright, trademark, service mark
and/or like rights pertaining thereto. Any and all rights to Group?s Marks not herein specifically
