are adhered to by all persons who have access to the other party?s Confidential Information
through such party at any time, including employees, agents, and sublicensees. Each party shall
be responsible for breaches of confidentiality by its own employees, agents and other parties who
gain access to information through such recipient party. Each party further agrees that if any of
the other party?s Confidential Information is disclosed by the recipient party?s employees,
agents, or sublicensees in violation of this Agreement, such recipient party will notify the
disclosing party in writing of the unauthorized misrepresentation, disclosure or use and take all
steps, at its own expense, reasonably necessary to enforce and to protect the disclosing party
from additional disclosure and to remedy such misrepresentation, disclosure or use. The term
Confidential Information, as used herein, does not include any information that (i) was lawfully
in a party?s possession prior to any disclosure by or on behalf of the other party, or (ii) becomes
lawfully available to a party provided that the source of such information was not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with or for the benefit of the other party, or (iii) is generally available
to the public other than as a result of disclosure in violation of this Agreement. Confidential
Information shall be disclosed only to those parties that are actively and directly participating in
the Affinity Program and who need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of
executing the Affinity Program, and each party shall use best efforts to inform the receiving
party of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and directed to keep such
Information confidential. However, no party hereto shall be obligated to keep confidential any
information which: (i) was marked by the other party ?not confidential,? (ii) was in the
possession of the receiving party prior to this Agreement; (iii) was lawfully obtained from a third
party; or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable legal and/or regulatory
requirements.

8. Representations and Warranties.
(a) IB represents and warrants that:
(i) It is a national association duly organized, validly existing and in good

standing under the laws of the United States of America; and

(ii) | The execution and delivery by IB of this Agreement, and the performance
by IB of the transactions contemplated hereby, are within IB?s banking authority, have been duly
authorized, do not require any consent or other action by any third party or governmental body or
agency (other than informational filings required by the applicable card network), and do not
contravene, violate or conflict with, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law
or regulation or of the Articles of Association or by-laws of IB or of any agreement, judgment,
injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon IB.

(b) The Group represents and warrants that:

(i) It is a not-for-profit organization duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization.

(ii) The execution and delivery by Group of this Agreement, and the
performance by Group of the transactions contemplated hereby, are within Group?s powers, have
