recognized overnight courier service; or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
addressed as follows:

If to IB, to:
INTRUST Bank, N.A.
Consumer Banking Division
P.O. Box One
Wichita, KS 67201
Attention: Managing Director

If to Group, to:
Butler Community College Foundation
901 S. Haverhill Road
El Dorado, KS 67042
Attention: Executive Director

or to such other person or address as either party shall have previously designated to the other by
written notice given in the manner set forth above. Notices shall be deemed given one Business
Day after sent, if sent by overnight courier; when delivered and receipted for, if hand delivered; or
when receipted for (or upon the date of attempted delivery where delivery is refused) if sent by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

14. Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement, including Exhibits, constitutes the
entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all prior
written and oral proposals, understandings, agreements and representations, including but not
limited to that Affinity Agreement dated April 23, 2009 by and between IB and Group, as
subsequently amended, all of which are merged herein. No amendment or modification of this
Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and executed by all of the parties hereto.

15. Non-Waiver of Default. The failure of either party to insist, in any one or more instances,
on the performance of any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver
or relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance of any such term
or condition, and the obligations of the non-performing party with respect thereto shall continue
in full force and effect.

16. Assignment and Sublicensing.

(a) This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written
consent from the other party, of which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

(b) IB may sublicense and delegate all or part of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement, including without limitation, the rights granted under this Agreement in the Marks and
Lists, which sublicense and delegation may include performance of IB and its sublicensee under
their agreement. Group will not be a beneficiary of or have any rights under the agreement between
IB and its sublicensee, and Group will look solely to IB, including without limitation, for the
