(e) Upon termination of this Agreement:

(i) Group shall promptly destroy all take-one and any other promotional
materials that have been supplied by IB to Group and are still in Group?s possession;

(ii) All Accounts which have been opened pursuant to the terms hereof, together
with all Accounts for which applications have been received but not yet processed by IB as of the
effective date of such termination, shall remain the sole and exclusive property of IB, and Group
has no right or option to purchase any such Accounts;

(iii) IB shall have the right, but not the ob igation, to reissue Cards previously
issued to Members pursuant to this Agreement and to issue Cards to applicants whose application
are received after the effective date of such termination, in its own name and without any reference
? Group or use of a Mark on such Cards. However, all Cards using a Mark must be converted at
expiration, and until expiration or reissue, all Cards using a Mark may continue to use a Mark;
(iv) All obligations to Group shall cease after the effective date of such
ermination.

(f) Except for Excluded Damages, nothing contained herein shall limit the remedies
available to either Group or IB, including seeking monetary or equitable relief, in the event of a
ermination due to a violation of subparagraphs (b) or (c) above.

1. Exclusivity, During the term of this Agreement, (a) IB shall have the exclusive tight to
market and issue credit and debit cards bearing or using the Marks, and (b) Group agrees that it
shall not by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, or through any parent,
affiliate or subsidiary, offer to endorse, or enter into any agreement with any other provider for the
issuance or provision of any credit or charge card or debit card bearing the Marks to Members.
Such credit or debit cards mean any credit or debit card associated with any card network,
including but not limited to, MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover. This provision
is expressly subject to any contracts entered into by University or Group prior to the date of this
agreement.

12. Non-Competition. With respect to all Accounts established pursuant to this Agreement,
Group agrees that neither Group nor any entity which Group controls shall by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, during the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of one (1) year following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, specifically
make any offer of a credit or debit card or related services uniquely tailored for and limited to the
individuals possessing an Account. The parties agree this non-competition clause, following
termination of this Agreement, shall not prohibit Group and/or credit card provider with which it
may contract from making any general offer for a credit or debit card or related services to all of
its Members, which may include individuals with an Account, so long as such offer is not uniquely
tailored for and limited to individuals possessing an Account.

13. Notices. Any and all notices of other communications required or permitted under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered either by personal delivery; by nationally
