Amendment to the PSECU/Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus Financial Education Center Agreement

THIS AMENDMENT (the ?Amendment?), made this rE) day of Agri ) , 2015,
between the Pennsylyania State Employees Credit Union, a Pennsylvania corporation having its
principal business offices at 1500 Elmerton Ave, Harrisburg, PA 17110 ("PSECU"), and
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus, having Its principal offices located at
1641 Old Philadelphia Pike, Lancaster, PA 17602 ("HACC ? Lancaster?). Any contradictions in
language between the terms and conditions: of this Amendment and the Agreement shall be
resolved in favor of this Amendment, and the terms of this Amendment shall prevail.

Background

It is the desire of PSECU and HACC - Lancaster who are the parties: to the ?PSECU/Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus Financial Education Center Agreement along with
any addenda and exhibits, all of which were dated March 24th, 2014, and commencing on July
1, 2014 and: were duly executed by representatives of the aforementioned parties (referred to
herein as the ?Agreement"), to amend language to: that Agreement. More specifically, the
parties agree to amend the Agreement as follows:

1. A ent of the langquage:ln the Agreement located on page 17 of 18 under

?Other payments? regarding Scholarships? as follows:

Delete: ?Paid yearly in $3,000 installments, Payable Year 2, 30 days after the opening of
the Financial Education Center and then on:the anniversary date of the Agreement in
years 3 through 6.? and replace it with ?Paid yearly in.$3,000 installments, starting Year
2, payable 30 days after the opening of the Financial Education: center, payable to The
HACC Foundation and then on the anniversary date of the Agreement in years 3 through
6 to The HACC Foundation.? The remainder of the paragraph is unchanged.

2. Amendment of the language in the Agreement located on page 17 of 18 under
?Other payments? regarding ?Sponsorships? as follows:

Delete: "Paid yearly in $1,000 installments. Payable Year 2, 30.days after the opening
of the Financial Education Center and then on the anniversary date of the agreement in
years 3 through 6,? and replace it with ?Paid'yearly in $1,000 installments, starting Year
2, payable 30 days: after the opening of the Financial Education center, payable to The
HACC Foundation. and then on the anniversary date of the Agreement in years 3 through
6 to The HACC Foundation.? The remainder of the paragraph is unchanged.

3. Remainder Unaffected, The agreement.remains in full force and effect in accordance
with its terms, except as herein amended.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Agreement to
be executed and sealed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written
above:

