and find the optimal financial solutions for their particular situation.

Digital advertising allows us to target audiences utilizing a multi-layer channel while
using advanced geographic and demographic targeting capabilities. We utilize a variety
of digital advertising including digital banners, video and audio on sites like Pandora,
Hulu, and other relevant ad networks that align with PSECU?s target audiences. We also
partner with Premium Video Vendors who serve as the online destination for offline
television stations like ABC, CBS and NBC. Paid search and search engine optimization
are also core components of our digital advertising strategy.

We are active participants in social media, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube,
LinkedIn, etc. We utilize social media to engage directly with our members, letting them
know about key events, new products and overall what?s new at PSECU. We also get
valuable feedback from our members so that we can address individual concerns and
receive positive feedback to learn what?s working.

PSECU is staffed with talented and experienced marketing professionals. We take great
pride in our work and have won a number of national and global marketing awards. We
utilize an in-house agency approach with our own designers, digital team, marketing
research and analytics, and printing capabilities. This allows us to develop custom,
quality materials at a lower cost, with quicker turnaround. We follow a formal marketing
process aimed at integrating consumer research, business goals, testing, and approvals
prior to campaign production and launch. PSECU places great value on consumer testing
and often conducts student or faculty and staff focus groups on campus, if permitted. This
allows us to understand preferences, test marketing pieces in advance and understand
opportunities in our overall consumer experience. PSECU?s University Program
marketing planning process outlines key campaigns and marketing opportunities one
semester in advance. (For example, in March, we outline Fall plans; in October, we map
Spring semester plans.) We welcome the school?s input and suggestions at any point to
ensure our marketing and communications are mutually acceptable. We recognize, too,
that the school may want to approve our messages and will gladly integrate that step
within our process. We will also incorporate CCP?s mandated verbiage of ?Students have
the right to choose their banking relationship. Students with existing bank accounts can
continue to use them.?

On-line Banking Services

The Financial Institution will provide a variety of online banking and bill paying
services. Online banking services should include real-time access to checking/saving
account information, transaction query, cashed check images, and mobile alerts.

PSECU response:

Approximately 50% of our members regularly use our online and mobile banking
channels. Recognized as a technology leader in the credit union industry, PSECU
continually strives to improve and enhance our online and mobile offerings to our
members. As the mobile device rapidly becomes the branch of the future, PSECU is well-
positioned to stay on top of providing our members with the ability to manage their
money from virtually anywhere.

Our online banking offers members many features which include:

? Viewing account balances and transaction history
? Transferring funds
? Applying for loans
31
