system, telecommunications, core banking systems, and online banking. Rick earned a Bachelor of
Science in Leadership and Information Technology from Duquesne University and a Master of Science in
Leadership and Information Technology from Duquesne University. Rick is also a Certified Information
Security Manager. He is a member of the CUNA Technology Council and serves on a technology advisory
group for Harrisburg Area Community College. He is also on technology advisory boards for both Jack
Henry?s core banking and PSCU payment solutions. He is a graduate of Leadership Harrisburg and has 34

years of service with PSECU.

Thomas J. Ruback, PSECU Chief Operating Officer, Transaction Services

As Chief Operating Officer of Transaction Services, Tom Ruback is responsible for: PSECU?s credit,
debit, and university card portfolios; ATM services; ACH/EFT Services; contact centers (telephone and
branch); items processing; and online deposit processing. He manages all aspects of operations,
including call center, plastic card fraud, and card dispute processing. Tom actively participates in the
response to every university RFP. Tom is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and is a past member of the
Institute of Internal Auditors, the Credit Union Risk Council, and Duquesne University Advisory Council.
He serves on the CUNA Payments Sub-committee, an ATM Advisory Group, the Mobile Payments
Industry Workgroup facilitated by the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston and Atlanta, and the
Tokenization Sub-group for those same banks. Tom earned a Bachelor of Science from Penn State
University, University Park. He is a Certified Public Accountant, Chartered Global Management
Accountant, and Certified Financial Services Auditor. Tom has 30 years of service with PSECU.

Karen E, Roland, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Marketing and Communications

Karen Roland is Assistant Vice President of Marketing and Communications. She leads PSECU?s brand
and marketing strategy and oversees creative services, digital marketing, social media, advertising,
and marketing project management. Prior to PSECU, Karen spent over 13 years with The Hershey
Company, most recently as Director of Corporate Marketing. Karen has a longstanding history as a
leader in our local communities, and has served on several nonprofit boards including United Cerebral
Palsy of Central PA, St. Theresa School, Penn State Hershey Medical Center?s Advisory Board, and most
recently the board of Pennsylvania Family Support Alliance. Karen also is actively involved with other
nonprofit organizations, including Leadership Harrisburg Area, Easter Seals, Junior Achievement, and
the American Heart Association. In addition, she is an adjunct professor with Penn State University,
Harrisburg. Karen?s contribution to RFPs focuses on brand and marketing strategy development,
ideation, and marketing execution. Karen has a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from West
Virginia University and a Master of Science in Business Administration from Penn State University,
Harrisburg. Karen has seven years of service with PSECU.

Jodi L. Harner, PSECU Assistant Vice President, Transaction Services

As Assistant Vice President of Transaction Services, Jodi Harner oversees the operation of all services
within the Transaction Services department - Visa?, ATM, mobile deposit, ACH/EFT, contact centers,
online deposits, and card fraud management. She has been actively involved in all previous RFPs that
dealt with ATMs or campus card requests. Jodi holds an Associate?s in Accounting and has 31 years of

service with PSECU.

David B. Dentler, PSECU Senior Director, Membership Development

As Senior Director, Dave Dentler has oversight responsibility for three main areas in the marketing
department: Business Development; Government Relations; and University Development. Prior to
joining PSECU, he spent 29 years in a variety of administrative capacities in higher education. He has
experience with community colleges and both public and private four-year institutions, with his most
recent position being Vice President for Administration and Secretary to the Board at Elizabethtown
College, where he was employed for 21 years. Dave earned a Bachelor of Science in Business
Administration from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Education from Temple University,
and a certificate from Harvard Graduate School of Education, the Institute for Educational
Management. Dave previously served on the PSECU Board of Directors and has over four years of service

with PSECU.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 ig]
