2

=

22.

2

w

24.

deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitutes one and the same instrument.

. Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with all Attachments attached hereto, contains the entire
agreement between parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior arrangements, agreements or understandings with respect thereto. Section headings
contained in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties, and are without
meaning.

Changes

The terms and provisions of this Agreement may not be modified or amended except as
agreed in writing by the parties.

. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The parties mutually consent and submit to the
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts for Clarion County, Pennsylvania, and agree that
any action, suit or proceeding concerning this Agreement shall be brought only in the
federal or state courts for Clarion County, Pennsylvania. The parties mutually acknowledge
and agree that they will not raise, in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding
brought in any federal or state court for Clarion County, Pennsylvania, any defense or
objection based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, inconvenience of
forum or the like.

Equal Opportunity

To the extent applicable, Credit Union and The Foundation and any subcontractor shall
abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1,4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These
regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as
protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all
individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and
subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, protected veteran status or disability.

Page 10 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

