Our Business Model
PSECU?s business model is a branchless, self-service model.
We leverage technology to enhance operating efficiencies to offer the lowest loan rates,
highest deposit rates and lowest fees whenever feasible compared to our competitors, while
providing world class service and the highest level of convenience.

Since the University Development Program?s implementation in 2000, our experience with
higher education partners is evident in that we have successfully negotiated and renegotiated
all contracts that remain in force today. PSECU currently has a proven track record at 17
universities and colleges, where a key goal is to provide financial education programs.

Please refer to Attachment 3 for a complete list of our current partner schools.

G. Personnel

Include the number, and names where practicable, of executive and professional

personnel, analysts, auditors, researchers, programmers, consultants, etc., who will be engaged
in the work. Show where these personnel will be physically located during the time they are
engaged in the work. Identify subcontractors you intend to use (if applicable) and the services
they will perform.

PSECU response:
Please refer to Attachment 6 for information about our Team Members.

All bank personnel must have passed the FBI and Pa State Police criminal background checks
prior to working on site at the College.

PSECU response:

PSECU utilizes credit reports on candidates under consideration for hire. The information is
requested and reviewed at the conclusion of the interview process and before an offer is
extended. All candidates must be deemed credit worthy and bondable to proceed in the
selection process. If the credit report is acceptable, then the criminal background process is
initiated. PSECU conducts a national, state and county criminal background check prior to
extending any employment offers, including staff at our on-campus locations. Candidates not
meeting criteria to be bonded are not considered for employment.

PSECU will comply with all requirements for criminal background checks for all personnel
working on site at the College.

H. Facility modification
1. CCP will provide an area to be modified to the specifications provided with the bid
response for the required facility. (See Ref Sketch)
