Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

renewals or extensions thereof. Any such change order shall be in writing signed by the
Contracting Officer. The change order shall be effective as of the date appearing on the change
order, unless the change order specifies a later effective date. Such increases, decreases, changes,
or modifications will not invalidate the Contract, nor, if performance security is being furnished
in conjunction with the Contract, release the security obligation. The Contractor agrees to provide
the service in accordance with the change order. Any dispute by the Contractor in regard to the
performance required under any change order shall be handled through Paragraph 21, ?Contract
Controversies?. For purposes of this Contract, ?change order? is defined as a written order signed
by the Contracting Officer directing the Contractor to make changes authorized under this clause.

SS. MANDATORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. All employees and

subcontractors of Contractor who provide a program, activity, or service to the State System that
are responsible for the care, supervision, guidance, or control of children are considered
mandatory reporters of suspected cases of child abuse under Pennsylvania law if the individual
has reasonable cause to suspect that a child is the victim of child abuse under any of the following
circumstances: (i)the mandated reporter comes into contact with the child in the course of
employment, occupation and practice of a profession or through a regularly scheduled program,
activity or service; (ii) the mandated reporter is directly responsible for the care, supervision,
guidance or training of the child, or is affiliated with an agency, institution, organization, school,
regularly established church or religious organization or other entity that is directly responsible
for the care, supervision, guidance or training of the child; (iii) a person makes a specific
disclosure to the mandated reporter that an identifiable child is the victim of child abuse; or (iv)
an individual 14 years of age or older makes a specific disclosure to the mandated reporter that
the individual has committed child abuse. Nothing in this section shall require a child to come
before the mandated reporter in order for the mandated reporter to make a report of suspected
child abuse. Nothing in this section shall require the mandated reporter to identify the person
responsible for the child abuse to make a report of suspected child abuse.

Mandated reporters must immediately make an oral report of suspected child abuse to the
Department of Human Services (DHS), formerly the Department of Public Welfare, by calling 1-
800-932-0313, or by filing a written report with DHS through Pennsylvania?s Child Welfare
Information Solution portal (https://www.compass.state.pa.us/CWIS). If an oral report is made, a
written report shall also be made within 48 hours to DHS or the county agency assigned to the
case as prescribed by DHS.

In addition to the mandatory reporting requirements above, employees and subcontractors
of Contractor must immediately notify the State System that a report of suspected child abuse has

been made.

36. CONTRACTOR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Confidentiality:
University agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that Contractor is a highly regulated financial
institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any "Confidential Information". Confidential Information shall specifically
include, but not be limited to, the following: all non-public member data; account or personal
information; such as account numbers, access codes, account ownership and names of account
owners; account owner email addresses; demographic information; and financial transactions
conducted within those accounts; any employee information that would typically be considered of
a confidential nature; inventory lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not
generally known to the public; scientific or technical information, including hardware
information, system descriptions and recovery point information and recovery time objectives;

Page 21 of 24
