e Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Educational
Center in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

SUSSI will permit Credit Union to conduct membership drives for students and for
their families. Strategies used by Credit Union for membership drives can include
but are not limited to the following:

e Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in
exchange for opening an account;

e Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership
drive; Drawings will be presented to a campus contact person designated by
SUSSI for approval prior to the Credit Union conducting such a drawing. The
SUSSI campus contact person will ensure that the drawing is in compliance
with all regulations governing the University as they relate to such
drawings. PSECU will ensure that the drawing is in compliance with all
regulations governing a Financial Institution as they relate to such_
drawings.

e Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a
monetary reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

e Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA laws
and regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be delivered
and mail them at the Credit Union?s expense.

e Membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person designated
by SUSSI for approval prior te the Credit Union conducting such a drive. Such
requested approval shall not unreasonably be denied.

7. Advertising

a) Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's logos,

b

>

trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party.
Each party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and service
marks are the sole property of the other party.

However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of SUSSI,
to include the address of any ATM in a directory of ATMs and/or other banking
facilities. Credit Union may refer to Shippensburg University in any listing of groups
eligible to join the Credit Union.

8. Mutual Indemnification

a) Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold SUSSI harmless from and against all

costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred or threatened against SUSS! on account of or resulting from this
Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial Educational Center, or any

Page 5 of 22
