j. For violation of any of these Contractor Integrity Provisions, the
Commonwealth may terminate this and any other contract with Contractor, claim
liquidated damages in an amount equal to the value of anything received in
breach of these Provisions, claim damages for all additional costs and expenses
incurred in obtaining another contractor to complete performance under this
contract, and debar and suspend Contractor from doing business with the
Commonwealth. These rights and remedies are cumulative, and the use or non-use
of any one shall not preclude the use of all or any other. These rights and remedies
are in addition to those the Commonwealth may have under law, statute,
regulation, or otherwise.

15. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT.

(a) Pursuant to federal regulations promulgated under the authority of the Americans with
Disabilities Act, 28 C.F.R. ? 35.101, et seq., the Contractor understands and agrees
that it shall not cause any individual with a disability to be excluded from participation
in this Contract or from activities provided for under this Contract on the basis of the
disability. As a condition of accepting this Contract, the Contractor agrees to comply
with the ?General Prohibitions Against Discrimination,? 28 C.F.R. ? 35.130, and all
other regulations promulgated under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act
which are applicable to all benefits, services, programs, and activities provided by the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through contracts with outside contractors.

(b) The Contractor shall be responsible for and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania from all losses, damages, expenses, claims,
demands, suits and actions brought by any party against the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania as a result of the Contractor's failure to comply with the provisions of
subparagraph (a) above.

16. ASSIGNABILITY AND SUBCONTRACTING.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of Paragraph 21, this Contract shall be binding
upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

(b) The Contractor shall not subcontract with any person or entity to perform all or any
part of the work to be performed under this Contract without the prior written
consent of the Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at the sole and
absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

(c) The Contractor may not assign, in whole or in part, this Contract or its rights, duties,
obligations, or responsibilities hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at the sole and absolute discretion
of the Contracting Officer.

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Contractor may, without the consent of the
Contracting Officer, assign its rights to payment to be received under the Contract,
provided that the Contractor provides written notice of such assignment to the
Contracting Officer together with a written acknowledgement from the assignee that
any such payments are subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract.

Page 11 of 22
