? Opening additional accounts and certificates of deposit

? Making loan payments

* Free FICO? credit score provided monthly

? Free Bill Payer service; pay up to 80 bills per account

? Free e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
? 10 years of archived e-Statements available online at no charge

? Online cleared check images and online check search capability

Our mobile app is available to be downloaded on the iPhone", iPad", iPod Touch?,
Android? devices and the Kindle Fire? and allows members access to the many features
including:

? Checking account balances

? Viewing account history

? Transferring money

? Loan payments

? eAlerts

? Mobile deposits (In 2001, PSECU was the first financial institution to offer
online deposits, the predecessor of mobile deposits.)

In addition, we pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for
our members. PSECU offers members Rapport? by Trusteer? (an IBM company). This
free security software download provides an extra layer of protection when the member
is logged into online banking. In addition, PSECU utilizes multifactor authentication as
an additional online security provision that employs different forms of verification, such
as a unique User ID, before allowing access to secured information.

Financial Education

Please outline your commitment to financial education of our students, faculty and
staff. It is Community College of Philadelphia?s vision to have an interactive branch
that offers financial literacy education, provides necessary management oversight
and employs student workers.

PSECU response:

For PSECU, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not just a key part of who we are;
it integrates within our program. The CSR Program focuses on five key pillars:
Community Sustainability, Business and Economic Development, Financial Education,
Environmental Responsibility, and Employee Engagement. For the college segment, the
education component is a key focus. PSECU strives to provide meaningful and relevant
financial educational offerings so that students have the knowledge to effectively manage
their money and are equipped to make empowered financial decisions.

As the College is developing a well-rounded and skilled student, PSECU is
complementing those efforts by developing a financially knowledgeable young adult.
PSECU?s financial education program for students, WalletWorks, is based on research
obtained from the higher education community. Information is designed to be used in
both the traditional seminar-type setting as well as where the student ?is,? such as in
resident halls, activity nights, and interest tables. Whether it?s a one-on-one tutorial, a
financial seminar, or tips from our website, we believe more knowledge empowers us all,
thus making PSECU a strong education partner in these efforts.

With over 25 modules ranging from creating spending plans to the hidden costs of
employment, the needs of a first-year student to graduating seniors are addressed. The

32
