Termination Notice Given in: Termination Effective:

January May 15" of Current Year

February May 15" of Current Year

March June 30? of Current Year

April May 15" of Following Year
May May 15?" of Following Year
June May 15" of Following Year
July May 15?" of Following Year
August May 15'" of Following Year
September May 15" of Following Year
October May 15" of Following Year
November May 15" of Following Year
December May 15?" of Following Year

12. AUDIT PROVISIONS. The Commonwealth shall have the right, at reasonable times and at
a site designated by the Commonwealth, to audit the books, documents and records of
the Contractor to the extent that the books, documents and records relate to costs or
pricing data for the Contract. The Contractor agrees to maintain records which will
support the prices charged and costs incurred for the Contract. The Contractor shall
preserve books, documents and records that relate to costs or pricing data for the
Contract for a period of three (3) years from date of final payment. The Contractor shall
give full and free access to all records to the Commonwealth and/or their authorized
representatives. :

13. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY.

Page 7 of 24

a. The Contractor certifies, for itself and all its subcontractors, that as of the

date of its execution of this Bid/Contract, that neither the Contractor, nor
any subcontractors, nor any suppliers are under suspension or debarment by
the Commonwealth or any governmental entity, instrumentality, or authority
and, if the Contractor cannot so certify, then it agrees to submit, along with
its Bid, a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made.

. The Contractor also certifies, that as of the date of its execution of this

Bid/Contract, it has no tax liabilities or other Commonwealth obligations.

. The Contractor?s obligations pursuant to these provisions are ongoing from

and after the effective date of the contract through the termination date
thereof. Accordingly, the Contractor shall have an obligation to inform the
Commonwealth if, at any time during the term of the Contract, it becomes
delinquent in the payment of taxes, or other Commonwealth obligations, or if
it or any of its subcontractors are suspended or debarred by the
Commonwealth, the federal government, or any other state or governmental
entity. Such notification shall be made within 15 days of the date of
suspension or debarment.

. The failure of the Contractor to notify the Commonwealth of its suspension or

debarment by the Commonwealth, any other state, or the federal
government shail constitute an event of default of the Contract with the
Commonwealth.

. The Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the reasonable

costs of investigation incurred by the Office of State Inspector General for

