TECHNICAL PROPOSAL
Bloomsburg University RFP #RO8423
Banking Services Program

PENNSYLVANIA STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION (PSECU)
1500 ELMERTON AVENUE
HARRISBURG PENNSYLVANIA 17110

Statement of the Problem

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU) seeks to continue its longstanding relationship as
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania?s (Bloomsburg/ University) on-campus provider of student and
employee financial and ATM services for a period of five (5) years.

This will be achieved through continuing our on-campus presence at our Financial Education Center
located in Warren Student Services Center, as well as through continuing to provide ATM services to the

campus community at several locations.

PSECU currently serves over 400,000 members who are located across the world, through online
banking, mobile banking and our call centers. PSECU?s Proposal to Bloomsburg includes support and
technology for all our members? financial services accounts, including an ATM/debit card available to

all members.

PSECU?s proposal includes revenue to the University as outlined in Appendix C - Financial Submittal
Requirements.

Management Summary

PSECU proposes to provide consumer financial services as set forth in this RFP response. Our proposed
relationship to provide ATM services, debit card and student/employee banking solutions includes our
commitment to the following:

PSECU will continue to operate an educational/member service center (Financial Education Center) on
campus. The center will be open approximately 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday, following
the current academic schedule ? an additional commitment being provided over the current part-time
hours of operation. PSECU will commit to employing a full-time community manager, and student
management interns and student interns will continue to be hired from the University student body to

operate the center.

The January 2016 issue of Consumer Reports included the results of a 2014 banking survey. PSECU was
rated second highest among all banking institutions represented in the survey based on several factors
including overall satisfaction, member service provided, effective communications with members,
member complaints, and fee structure. Please see page 31 for a copy of the ratings for the top-rated
credit unions. PSECU outranked all other Pennsylvania-based financial institutions represented in the
survey. PSECU has always been a member-owned, not-for-profit credit union for people and about
people. The results of this independent survey reflect our ongoing commitment to provide the best
value in products and services throughout our members? lives.

PSECU believes that we offer a compelling proposal in the following areas:
Understanding the problem ? According to an October 6, 2013 story in USA Today, Pennsylvania

students leave college with a debt load second only to students in New Hampshire. While many banks
offer students low-fee services while in school, once they leave school the fees and services charges

See een ear eee oe Te ean erie a ee ? ?- = ee ee tears .
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEG@ee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 2 of 38

