? This Agreement shall preclude Provider from providing sponsorship benefits to any financial institution (whether such
financial institution is an existing partner or Provider or a partner of Provider at any point in the future) to market its
credit card products and services, as those rights are retained by PSECU

e ? As it relates to Penn State University and its campus, the exclusivity granted in this Section shall only include the
mentioned in-venue Penn State Athletic facilities, in-venue BJC facility, and social media channels, to the extent of
which it will not include any other part of the Penn State campus or its buildings.

Beaver Stadium Videoboard ? Static Signage:
? ? One (1) of four (4) static signage speaker mesh coverings on south Beaver Stadium Videoboard
e Year-round permanent visibility
? ? Signage production and installation to be financed by PSECU

Head Football Coach Endorsement:
* ? PSECU will be granted access to Coach?s image and likeness for use in PSECU internal and external promotional
initiatives
Coach will be available one (1) mutually agreed upon day on campus for photo shoot/PSA recording
e Penn State Athletics and Head Football Coach must approve all uses of the promotional content a minimum of six-
weeks prior to implementation
? Logo integration must use white or blue logo

Head Men?s Basketball Coach Endorsement:

? In the event the Head Men?s Basketball Coach would be made available for endorsement to PSSP, PSECU may be
given the opportunity to be able to access Coach?s image and likeness for use in PSECU internal and external
promotional initiatives
Terms to be agreed upon at that time, and are separate from this agreement
For the avoidance of doubt, the Head Basketball Coach Endorsement is not included in this agreement

Beaver Stadium Club Level Entitlement:
s Naming rights: Mount Nittany Club presented by PSECU

? ? Logo inclusion and/or text representation in media releases, marketing collateral, tickets, promotional items and all
other associated Mount Nittany Club promotional materials

@ ? Two (2) inclusions in communications to all Club season ticket holders
e Mutually agreeable signage displayed within and around the Mount Nittany Club Lounge & Section
? Logo integration must use white or blue logo
e ? Signage production and installation to be financed by PSECU
Presentin: nn Entith State Football:

PSECU will be identified as the Football Season presenting partner each year of this agreement. Includes:
? ? Presenting partner recognition & inclusion in advertising and press releases that promote the Penn State Football
season, ticket sales initiatives, upcoming promotions, next home games, etc.
? ? Presenting partner logo recognition on the Beaver Stadium video board prior to and during each Football game;
minimum three (3) rotations per game.
Presenting partner logo recognition on front cover of home football game programs
Presenting partner logo recognition on front of all Penn State Football Tickets
Full-page, four-color ad in every home program on the back inside cover
Logo recognition on all Football schedule posters and schedule magnets (where applicable)
Logo integration must use white or blue logo
One (1) TV Visible Field Level Tarp Box Cover Signage position. Logo must be white on Penn State blue (Pantone
282)
? Minimum of two (2) notations of PSECU?s Season Entitlement of Penn State Football on Football National Signing
Day

?ause Marketing & C ite Social Responsibili mpaign:
e PSECU shall have the opportunity, each football season, to conduct a cause marketing corporate social responsibility
campaign surrounding Penn State Athletics
* PSECU and Penn State Athletics to mutually agree on program and messaging during the first Athletic Year of the
Agreement
e ? Assets made available as outlined in this exhibit may be used to communicate and promote the campaign
