16.

17.

any PSECU member complaints received by Provider. Further, Provider agrees to cooperate in the satisfactory resolution of
any PSECU member complaints relating to the subject matter of the contractual relationship between Provider and PSECU.

Third Party Beneficiary. University is a third-party beneficiary to this Agreement and is entitled to the rights and benefits
hereunder and may enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto.

Miscellaneous. Sponsor and Provider will comply with all federal, state and local laws in connection with their respective
performance under this Agreement. Further, Provider shall comply with all Conference rules to which the University belongs
and NCAA rules and regulations, and Sponsor shall comply with the NCAA?s Advertising and Promotional Guidelines in
connection with their respective performance under this Agreement. To that end, Sponsor shall not make use of any student-
athlete?s name or likeness (as defined by the NCAA) without advance written approval of University?s compliance officer.
All legal notices hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when (a) delivered by hand (with
written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent by facsimile (with written confirmation of receipt) with a copy mailed by certified
mail, return receipt requested, (c) when received by the addressee, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service
(receipt requested), in each case to the appropriate addresses set forth on the signature page below (or to such other addresses
as a signatory may designate by notice to the other signatories) or (d) when received by the address, if sent by e-mail to the
appropriate e-mail address of the address, in each case to the appropriate addresses set forth on the signature page below, and
in Sponsor?s case with a copy to Corporate Legal Services, 1500 Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110, or such other
address as a signatory may designate by notice to the other signatory. All other notices, including invoices, shall be sent to
Sponsor?s designated business contact, Jim Baker, Advertising and Digital Marketing Manager or such other contact as
Sponsor may designate by notice to Provider. Neither party shall have the right to transfer or assign its rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other party. In the event that either Party shall cease
conducting business in the normal course, become insolvent, admit in writing its inability to meet its debts as they mature,
make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or is the subject of a petition in bankruptcy and such petition is not
dismissed within sixty (60) days from its filing, then at the option of the other Party, unless Provider?s rights and obligations
are assigned to University, this Agreement shall terminate immediately and be of no further force and effect. This Agreement
constitutes and contains the entire Agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all
prior or contemporaneous written or oral understandings or agreements with respect thereto. No amendment to this Agreement
shall be valid unless in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. The failure of any Party to exercise any of its rights under
this Agreement shail not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights. This Agreement shali be binding on and inure
to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its principles of conflict or
choice of law. Venue for any action brought as a result of a violation of their terms of this Agreement shall be in Dauphin
County, Pennsylvania. Sponsor and Provider are independent contracting parties and nothing in this Agreement shall be
deemed to create a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between them nor does it grant either Party any authority
to assume or create any obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other Party. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts by facsimile or electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed an original and each counterpart together
shall constitute one document.

Sponsor represents and warrants that the person whose signature appears below for Sponsor is duly authorized to execute this
Agreement and legally bind Sponsor under this Agreement. This Agreement shali not be binding upon Provider until and
unless it is executed by Provider's Genera! Manager irrespective of whether Provider?s Account Executive has signed the
Agreement.

ACCEPTED AND AGREED AS OF THE ABOVE DATE:

PENNSYLVANIA STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION PENN STATE SPORTS PROPERTIES, LLC

1500 ELMERTON AVENUE
HARRISBURG, PA 17110

By:

eZO; th
Presi General Manag

Daniel Solomon
Manager ? Business Development

