Account Information Requirements
A. Terms and conditions for the issuance and termination of membership with PSECU

New PSECU applicants consent to a credit check at the time of application for membership. A
favorable credit history is required to qualify an applicant for standard ATM service withdrawal
limits ($500/day). Applicants that do not have a credit history are approved for ATM service,
but cards may initially be issued with lower withdrawal limits ($300/day). New card accounts
are evaluated after one year and card limits are raised to the standard limit if the account is in
good standing. Applicants that have questionable credit history may be granted ATM service,
but card withdrawal limits are typically set at lower limits.

ATM /Debit Card Features:
+ Withdrawals can be made immediately after a deposit, some restrictions may apply,
see page 29 for our Funds Availability Policy
* Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to temporarily increase the
amount withdrawn for emergency purposes
No account maintenance fees
No card issuance or replacement fees
Free ATM cards - two per account
No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions (excludes
surcharges charged by those institutions)
* Rebate on surcharged transactions at other institution ATMs - $8 per for month for
members and up to $20 a month for members with Direct Deposit

PSECU provides ATM service in accordance with Regulation E. The University will have no
liability for lost, stolen or fraudulent use of any ATM/debit card. A Card Agreement and
Regulation E disclosure is provided to all PSECU members opting to receive a card with ATM and
Point-of-Sale (POS) functionality. Under the Terms of Agreement, cardholders agree to notify
PSECU immediately if they believe the card or ATM personal identification number (PIN) has
been lost or stolen. The same terms apply if the cardholder believes the card or PIN has been
or may have been used by anyone without their authorization. Since the card uses a PIN to
secure the transaction, the only time an unauthorized transaction can occur is when the PIN is
breached. PIN protection on ATM debit cards typically ensures cardholders against loss. In the
event of an erroneous or unauthorized transaction, members are asked to complete a Visa?
dispute form to permit PSECU to investigate the dispute.

Cardholders notifying PSECU within two business days of learning of the loss or theft can lose
no more than $50. (As opposed to many other financial institutions, PSECU typically absorbs
this cost). However, if cardholders do not notify PSECU within two business days, and we can
prove that we could have stopped someone from using the PIN without the cardholder?s
permission, then the cardholder?s loss could be as much as $500.

If the cardholder?s statement of account shows transactions they did not make, the cardholder
is required to inform PSECU within 60 days after the statement was mailed to them. If notice is
not provided to PSECU within 60 days and we can prove the fraudulent withdrawal could have
been prevented if timely notice had been provided, the cardholder may not be reimbursed for
the amount of the fraudulent transaction.

Applicants can apply for a PSECU Visa? debit card at our on-campus locations or through our

website, A member must be at least 12-years old to be eligible for our debit card. PSECU
approves service levels based on an applicant?s credit history. After examining a member?s

- _ so ee oe -- cee . 4
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSE Gee

Technical Proposat | Page 11 of 34
