fraudulent situations.

PSECU provides a Card Agreement and Regulation E disclosure to all PSECU
members opting to receive a card with ATM and Point-of-Sale (POS) functionality.
Under the Terms of Agreement, cardholders agree to notify PSECU immediately if
they believe the card or ATM PIN has been lost or stolen. The same terms apply if
the cardholder believes the card or PIN has been or may have been used by anyone
without their authorization. Members are asked to complete a Visa? dispute form.
This form allows PSECU to investigate the dispute.

Cardholders notifying PSECU within two business days of learning of the loss
or theft can lose no more than $50. (As opposed to many other financial
institutions, PSECU typically absorbs this cost). However, if cardholders do
not notify PSECU within two business days, and we can prove that we could
have stopped someone from using the PIN without the cardholder?s
permission, then the cardholder?s loss could be as much as $500.

If the cardholder?s statement of account shows transactions they did not make,
the cardholder is required to inform PSECU within 60 days after the statement
was mailed to them. If notice is not provided to PSECU within 60 days and we
can prove the fraudulent withdrawal could have been prevented if timely notice
had been provided, the cardholder may not be reimbursed for the amount of the
fraudulent transaction.

PSECU takes a proactive stance to protect our member accounts

in the event that credit or debit card information is compromised. PSECU
researches the compromise and takes the necessary steps to close and reissue
affected cards in order to provide excellent service to our members.

Does your institution provide interest on checking account balances? If so, what is
the current rate?

PSECU response:
Checking Accounts: .10% APY*

10% Dividend
*APY denotes Annual Percentage Yield

Does your institution offer remote deposit for checking account holders? If so,
what types of devices are supported (e.g. iPhone, Android)?

PSECU response:

PSECU offers mobile deposit for our members through our mobile app, which is
available to be downloaded on the iPhone?, iPad?, iPod Touch?, Android? devices
and the Kindle Fire?.

This app allows members access to the many features including:

? Mobile deposits (In 2001, PSECU was the first financial institution to offer
online deposits, the predecessor of mobile deposits.)
? Checking account balances
? Viewing account history
? Transferring money
? Loan payment
40
