Posting these Contractor Integrity Provisions conspicuously in easily-accessible and
well-lighted places customarily frequented by employees and at or near where
the contract services are performed shall satisfy this requirement.

. Contractor, its affiliates, agents, employees and anyone in privity with
Contractor shall not accept, agree to give, offer, confer, or agree to confer or
Promise to confer, directly or indirectly, any gratuity or pecuniary benefit to any
person, or to influence or attempt to influence any person in violation of any
federal or state law, regulation, executive order of the Governor of Pennsylvania,
statement of policy, management directive or any other published standard of the
Commonwealth in connection with performance of work under this contract, except
as provided in this contract.

. Contractor shall not have a financial interest in any other contractor, subcontractor,
or supplier providing services, labor, or material under this contract, unless the
financial interest is disclosed to the Commonwealth in writing and the
Commonwealth consents to Contractor's financial interest prior to Commonwealth
execution of the contract. Contractor shall disclose the financial interest to the
Commonwealth at the time of bid or proposal submission, or if no bids or
proposals are solicited, no later than Contractor?s submission of the contract signed
by Contractor.

. Contractor certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that within the last five
(5) years Contractor or Contractor Related Parties have not:

1) been indicted or convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude or business
honesty or integrity in any jurisdiction;

2) been suspended, debarred or otherwise disqualified from entering into any
contract with any governmental agency;

3) had any business license or professional license suspended or revoked;

4) had any sanction or finding of fact imposed as a result of a judicial or
administrative proceeding related to fraud, extortion, bribery, bid rigging,
embezzlement, misrepresentation or anti-trust; and

5) been, and is not currently, the subject of a criminal investigation by any
federal, state or local prosecuting or investigative agency and/or civil anti-
trust investigation by any federal, state or local prosecuting or investigative

agency.

If Contractor cannot so certify to the above, then it must submit along with its
bid, proposal or contract a written explanation of why such certification cannot be
made and the Commonwealth will determine whether a contract may be entered
into with the Contractor. The Contractor?s obligation pursuant to this certification is
ongoing from and after the effective date of the contract through the termination
date thereof. Accordingly, the Contractor shall have an obligation to immediately
notify the Commonwealth in writing if at any time during the term of the contract
it becomes aware of any event which would cause the Contractor's certification or
explanation to change.

Page 9 of 22
