damage, destruction, injury, or death that ordinarily would be insured. All policies of
insurance shall contain a provision providing: (1) that the insurer waives its right of
subrogation against the other party hereto with respect to the insured damage,
destruction, bodily injury, death or property damage, except as to any self-insured or
uninsured deductible amount, and (2) that the waiver by the insurer of its right of
subrogation shall not affect the right of the insured to recover under any insurance
policies; provided, however that if such waiver is not available or is only available at an
additional premium, the insured party shall give notice to the other party and, in the case
of the latter, the other party shall be given the opportunity to pay the additional premium
and obtain the benefit of the waiver.

9. Insurance

Credit Union shall maintain insurance on the Financial Educational Center, including, without
limitation, bodily injury, property damage, personal injury, and advertising injury, in an amount
no less than $5,300,000 per occurrence.

10. Personal Property

The contents of each Financial Educational Center shall remain the property of Credit Union at
all times and shall not be construed as fixtures.

11. Regulatory Approval

The Credit Union?s obligation under this Agreement is contingent upon and expressly subject to
the receipt by the Credit Union, in form and substance satisfactory to Credit Union, of any
required approval by any regulatory authority over the Credit Union, its subsidiaries, or their
operations. Credit Union agrees to make related applications upon execution of this Agreement
and shall pay any and all related costs.

12.No Joint Venture: Elizabethtown College not a Bank

The parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement is intended or shall
be construed to establish Elizabethtown College and Credit Union as joint ventures or partners.
In addition, the parties acknowledge and agree that Elizabethtown College, by entering into this
Agreement, is not in any manner representing it to be a bank or otherwise involved in the
banking business.

13. Credit Union Bankruptcy

In the event Credit Union is closed or taken over by any bank authority, Elizabethtown College
may terminate the Agreement only with the concurrence of such bank regulatory authority,
except for default on part of the Credit Union or a successor, and any such regulatory authority
shall in any event, except for such default, have the election either to continue, to assign, or to
terminate the Agreement; provided, however, that in the event this Agreement is terminated,
the maximum claim of Elizabethtown College for damages or indemnity for injury resulting from
the rejection or abandonment of the unexpired term of the Agreement shall in no event be in an
amount exceeding the rent paid or due for the thirty (30) days preceding Elizabethtown
College?s request to terminate this Agreement.

14. Representations and Warranties of Elizabethtown College and Credit Union

a. Elizabethtown College represents and warrants to Credit Union that, as of the date of
this Agreement:

Page 6 of 15
