Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

c. Contractors and any subcontractors shall establish and maintain a written
sexual harassment policy and shall inform their employees of the policy. The policy
must contain a notice that sexual harassment will not be tolerated and employees who

practice it will be disciplined.

d. The Contractor shall not discriminate by reason of gender, race, creed or
color against any subcontractor or supplier who is qualified to perform the work to which

the contract relates.

e. The Contractor and each subcontractor shall furnish all necessary
employment documents and records to and permit access to its books, records, and
accounts by the Contracting Officer and the Department of General Services? Bureau of
Contract Administration and Business Development for purposes of investigation to
ascertain compliance with the provisions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual Harassment
Clause. If the Contractor or any subcontractor does not possess documents or records
reflecting the necessary information requested, it shall furnish such information on
reporting forms supplied by the Contracting Officer or the Bureau of Contract
Administration and Business Development.

f. The Contractor shall include the provisions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual
Harassment Clause in every subcontract so that such provisions will be binding upon
each subcontractor.

g. The Commonwealth may cancel or terminate the Contract, and all money
due or to become due under the Contract may be forfeited for a violation of the terms and
conditions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual Harassment Clause. In addition, the agency
may proceed with debarment or suspension and may place the Contractor in the
Contractor Responsibility File.

18. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its
performance of any obligation under this Contract is prevented or delayed by causes
beyond its control and without the fault or negligence of either party. Causes beyond a
party?s control may include, but are not limited to, acts of God or war, changes in
controlling law, regulations, orders or the requirements of any governmental entity, severe
weather conditions, civil disorders, natural disasters, fire, epidemics and quarantines,
general strikes throughout the trade, and freight embargoes.

The Contractor shall notify the Commonwealth orally within five (5) days and in writing
within ten (10) days of the date on which the Contractor becomes aware, or should have
reasonably become aware, that such cause would prevent or delay its performance. Such
notification shall (i) describe fully such cause(s) and its effect on performance, (ii) state whether
performance under the Contract is prevented or delayed, and (iii) if performance is delayed, state
a reasonable estimate of the duration of the delay. The Contractor shall have the burden of
proving that such cause(s) delayed or prevented its performance despite its diligent efforts to
perform and shall produce such supporting documentation as the Commonwealth may reasonably

Page 14 of 24
