rental, or lease of tangible personal property or taxable services used or transferred in
connection with the performance of a construction contract.

9. ASSIGNMENT OF ANTITRUST CLAIMS. The Contractor and the Commonwealth recognize
that in actual economic practice, overcharges by the Contractor?s suppliers resulting
from violations of state or federal antitrust laws are in fact borne by the
Commonwealth. As part of the consideration for the award of the Contract, and
intending to be legally bound, the Contractor assigns to the Commonwealth all right,
title and interest in and to any claims the Contractor now has, or may acquire, under
state or federal antitrust laws relating to the products and services which are the
subject of this Contract.

10. OWNERSHIP RIGHTS. The Commonwealth shall have unrestricted authority to
reproduce, distribute, and use any submitted report, data or material, and any software
or modifications and any associated documentation that is designed or developed and
delivered to the Commonwealth as part of the performance of the Contract.

11. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. The Commonwealth has the right to terminate this
Contract for any of the following reasons. Termination shall be effective upon written
notice to the Contractor:

- a. Termination for Convenience. The Commonwealth shall have the right to
terminate the Contract for its convenience if the Commonwealth determines
termination to be in its best interest. The Contractor shall be paid for work
satisfactorily completed prior to the effective date of the termination, but in
no event shall the Contractor be entitled to recover lost profits. {

b. Non-appropriation. The Commonwealth?s obligation to make payments
during any Commonwealth fiscal year succeeding the current fiscal year shall
be subject to availability and appropriation of funds. When funds (state
and/or federal) are not appropriated or otherwise made available to support
continuation of performance in a subsequent fiscal year period, the
Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the Contract. The
Contractor shall be reimbursed for the reasonable value of any nonrecurring
costs incurred but not amortized in the price of the supplies or services
delivered under this Contract. Such reimbursement shall not include loss of
profit, loss of use of money, or administrative or overhead costs. The
reimbursement amount may be paid from any appropriations available for
that purpose.

?. Termination for Cause. The Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate
the Contract for Contractor default under paragraph 19, Default, upon
written notice to the Contractor. The Commonwealth shall also have the
right, upon written notice to the Contractor, to terminate the Contract for
other cause as specified in this Contract or by law. If it is later determined
that the Commonwealth erred in terminating the Contract for cause, then, at
the Commonwealth?s discretion, the Contract shall be deemed to have been
terminated for convenience under subparagraph (a).

d. Termination by PSECU. Contractor may terminate this Contract without

cause. Contractor is required to abide by the schedule listed below for
termination notice:

Page 6 of 24
