content when and where it is needed, while being responsive to consumers? needs and feedback. We
integrate relevant marketing messaging in digital display ads within our websites, social media, email,
online banking, our mobile app that promote our new offers, products and services. PSECU has
dedicated resources on our website that focus on students? needs and individual school information.
The digital space allows us to integrate tools and resources to help educate and empower our student
members. We provide financial tips and tools such as online calculators so members can get the best
value and find the optimal financial solutions for their particular situations.

Digital advertising allows us to target audiences utilizing a multi-layer channel while employing
advanced geographic and demographic targeting capabilities. We use a variety of digital advertising
including digital banners, video and audio on sites such as Pandora, Hulu, and other relevant ad
networks that align with PSECU?s target audiences. We also partner with Premium Video Vendors
which serves as the online destination for offline television stations like ABC, CBS and NBC. Paid search
and search engine optimization are also core components of our digital advertising strategy.

We are active participants on social media and use platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube,
Linkedin, etc. We utilize social media to engage directly with our members, letting them know about
key events and new products and services. With the use of social media, we get valuable feedback
from our members so that we can address individual concerns. We also manage a PSECU at California
University specific Facebook page where students, faculty and staff can engage with us on social
media. Most items shared on this page are financial literacy articles and tips, occasional contests and
giveaways for students, as well as photos and information about events on and around the campus.

PSECU is staffed with talented and experienced marketing professionals. We take great pride in our
work and have won several national and global marketing awards. We utilize an in- house agency
approach with our own designers, digital team, marketing research and analytics, and printing
capabilities. This allows us to develop custom, quality materials at a lower cost, with faster
turnaround. We follow a formal marketing process aimed at integrating consumer research, business
goals, testing, and approvals prior to campaign production and launch.

PSECU places great value on consumer testing and often conducts student or faculty and staff focus
groups on campus, if permitted. This allows us to understand preferences, test marketing pieces in
advance and understand opportunities within our overall consumer experience.

PSECU?s University Program marketing planning process outlines key campaigns and marketing
opportunities one semester in advance. (For example, in March, we outline Fall plans; in October, we
map Spring semester plans.) We welcome the school?s input and suggestions at any point to ensure our
marketing and communications are mutually acceptable. We recognize, too, that the school may want
to approve our messages and will gladly integrate that step within our process.

PSECU provides value to students not only financially but also educationally. That?s why PSECU seeks
assistance from the University to let the community know how exactly we can be of service.

During the term of this agreement, the University agrees to support PSECU as follows:
e Permit on-campus tabling at student events such as freshmen orientations, Student Fairs, etc.
e Allow PSECU an active role in freshman orientation, including the opportunity to present to
Parents and students during orientation and the opportunity to communicate with incoming
freshman
Permit campus promotions and giveaways sponsored by PSECU
Provide PSECU access to common areas for tabling events throughout the year
Permit PSECU to conduct financial seminars to students and faculty
Provide a PSECU link on the University?s website
Allow PSECU to send annual mailings to graduating seniors
Provide communication/announcements to graduates on PSECU?s Value Proposition (messaging
provided by PSECU)

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | 30 |
