Beaver Stadium ? Digital Sign
During each regular season home Football game and the annual Blue White Spring Game, played in Beaver Stadium, PSECU
will receive:
e ? Statistical Area Logo Rotation:
so One (1) of Four (4) Sponsors in the One (1) stats area location on both the North & South End Zone Video
Boards
? Logo will rotate amongst the Four (4) total partners but will be visible for a total of One (1) full quarter.
Logo will be visible during the third (3?) Quarter or PSECU and Provider to mutually agree on best available
quarter
o Signage will be visible for all home Penn State Football games
a Design may consist of white Logo Only, no taglines
co On occasion at various points throughout the game, the entire digital board will feature a ?Full Bleed? video
scenario such as pre-game team intro video, various replays, fan prompts, etc.
e? LED Ribbonboard
? Two (2) minutes of in-game LED signage exposure per game
o One (1) minute of pre-game LED signage exposure per game
o LED signage will rotate in thirty second (:30) increments

Bryce Jordan Center ? Marquee:
? ? Two (2) of two (2) permanent, digital logos of equal size on the BJC Marquee located at the comer of University Drive
and Curtin Road
An equal amount of space may be combined for one (1) digital logo
Year-round visibility; placement to be adjacent to BIC promotional content
Dimensions up to 91.25? (w) x 12? (h) in size

Bryce Jordan Center ? Interior Portal Permanent Signage:
e PSECU will receive fifteen (15) of the sponsor branded interior portal signs throughout the interior seating bowl of the
BIC
Logo integration must be on blue background
Dimensions up to 58? (w) x 15? (h) in size
Signage production and installation to be financed by PSECU

Bryce Jordan Center ? Concourse Backlit Permanent Signage:

? Two (2) permanent backlit concourse signs within BIC
e Dimensions are 4? x 10? in size
e Signage production and installation to be financed by PSECU

Bryce Jordan Center ? Static Signage:
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Basketball game, played in the Bryce Jordan Center, PSECU will receive:
* Basketball Kickplate Signage
? One (1) color logo placement on the bottom portion of all Men?s and Women?s Basketball home team bench
chairs
o Logo will be placed on either a blue or white background
o Exposure at all regular season home games played by Penn State Men?s & Women?s Basketball in the Bryce
Jordan Center
o Signage must comply with all Penn State, Big Ten Conference, NCAA, and TV broadcast network
specifications
co Kickplate Signage specs on size, graphics, material, and location are at the sole discretion of Penn State
Athletics
? Initial production & installation for kickplate signage in Bryce Jordan Center to be paid for by PSECU. Any
costs associated with revisions to the kickplate signage after installation to be the responsibility of PSECU.

Bryce Jordan Center -- Digital Signage:

During each regular season home Men's and Women?s Basketball game, played in the Bryce Jordan Center, PSECU will receive:
e Basketball Courtside TV Visible Signage
co One (1) minute of pre-game exposure during each home game (real-time)
o Two (2) minutes of in-game exposure during each home game (game clock)
o Creative must be a still graphic and may not animate
o TV Visible Courtside signage will run in unison with courtside table on opposite side of the court
e Videoboard Halo Signage
o Rotating upper & lower halo digital signage on the center hung scoreboard
? Rotations occur in one (1) minute increments for a minimum of ten (10) minutes of exposure
