approach to each or college is unique. PSECU typically works to tailor a program that
specifically meets the needs of the individual college. The program is successfully
deployed on 16 of our 17 campuses with not only the managers, but also our student
interns being trained on offering presentations. In addition to both formal and informal
presentations, articles are provided to the school newspaper. All materials focus on
financial concepts and best practices.

PSECU takes its role of educating our student members very seriously, and recognizes
that an educated member will make better financial choices and will be a more
productive member of society. It is for this reason that PSECU has a full-time staff
position that is dedicated to developing and delivering financial education programs that
are relevant to the campus members whom we serve.

D. Automated Teller Machine Network
All ATMs installed by the Financial Institution on College property should connect to a
major network(s), such as STAR or similar systems. The College shall not be liable for
fraudulent use or overdrafts occurring due to ATM transactions.

PSECU response:

All ATMs installed by PSECU on college property are affiliated with the STAR?, PLUS",
Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa", MasterCard? and Discover? networks. The College is
not liable for fraudulent use or overdrafts occurring due to ATM transactions. The College is
not liable for the support associated with the ATMs to include, but not limited to signage,
consumables, d?cor, cleaning and repairs due to neglect and/or vandalism. The College will
provide A/C (alternating current) power to approved ATM locations. Campus ATMs will be
operational 24/7, however accessibility will be contingent on ATM location on the campus
(i.e. building access hours).

1. Availability
Describe the availability of your institution and the system provider?s existing ATM
network including, but not limited to, number of states in which there is presence and
number of ATM locations. Specifically, provide a count of ATM Surcharge free
machines within the following zip codes: 19130, 19139, 19141, & 19154.

PSECU response:

PSECU currently administers the CU$? surcharge-free ATM alliance which offers
982 surcharge-free ATMs to credit union members in Pennsylvania and 329
ATMs outside Pennsylvania. PSECU is a member of the CO-OP Financial
Services ATM Network which offers 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs nationwide to
PSECU members. In addition, PSECU cardholders may access any ATM affiliated
with the STAR", PLUS", Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and
Discover? networks surcharge-free.

Members can use virtually any ATM anywhere for free through our surcharge
rebate program. All members are rebated up to $8 per month. Members with
recurring Direct Deposit (no minimum required) are rebated up to $20 per month.
In 2014, PSECU rebated $4,914,347 in surcharges to our members. PSECU?s no-
foreign ATM fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members the
ultimate freedom and convenience when it comes to using ATMs. In an average
month, PSECU members use over 15,800 ATMs in Pennsylvania, unrestrained by
bank network rules or other policies.

33
