(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred, or threatened against Credit Union on account of or resulting from any
actions or omissions of Community College of Philadelphia, its employees or agents; provided,
however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of Community College of Philadelphia?s
invitees which involve member account related misconduct.

13. Equal Opportunity

This Contractor, The College, and any subcontractor shail abide by the requirements of 41 CFR
60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against
qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with
disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color,
religion, sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime
contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment
individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran
status or disability.

14. EXCLUSIVITY - The Parties expressly agree and acknowledge that Contractor has the
exclusive right to provide financial services activities (?Activities?) on the campuses of The
College. Such Activities shall include the provision of financial services, and the marketing of
these financial services, which are typically offered by a financial institution. The College shall
not permit any other financial institution, including a bank or a credit union, to conduct such or
similar Activities on its campuses during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this
Agreement, unless such Activities are exclusively the result of a student-sponsored event and
do not involve any decision by or participation of The College.

15. This Agreement, including all Exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire understanding
between the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns with respect to the
subject matter hereof. Any modifications hereof must be in writing and signed by the parties
hereto.

COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF PHILADELPHIA Pennsylvania State Employees Credit
Union (PSECU)

Donald Generals, Ed. D. Gregor A . Sn ith
Name .
President Les | {

Page 5

