PSECU Work Statement

Automated Teller Machine (ATM) Requirements

A. ATM Installation and Operation
PSECU acknowledges the need for ATMs on campus and will continue to operate and maintain a
minimum of five (5) ATMs on the Millersville University campus with their current functionality
and in their current locations. In order to provide ongoing excellent member service, additional
ATMs may be added later in the contract by mutual agreement as to location and service
functionality.

B. ATM Service
a. Maintenance is performed by Diebold Nixdorf, Inc., a leading global supplier of ATMs;
cash replenishments are performed by Dunbar on an as needed basis, dependent on
usage trends. In keeping with security guidelines, a specific arrival time is not able to
be provided.

b. During times of heavy usage (special events on campus), the Financial Education Center
Staff will inform PSECU of the possible need for additional maintenance or servicing.

C. ATM Maintenance
a. The University may report ATM problems directly to PSECU staff either by contacting
our Financial Education Center Community Manager or by calling PSECU at
800.237.7328, extension 2354, option 1.

b. PSECU contracts with Diebold Nixdorf, Inc. to provide maintenance to our ATMs. 1
University ATMs are on a two-hour (7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.) response
service contract. In keeping with security guidelines, a specific arrival time is not able
to be provided. PSECU staff monitors real-time status of ATM incidents and availability
during normal business hours through online software.

c. In addition, STAR? and Diebold Nixdorf, Inc. monitor our ATM network via online
software. Sensors in the ATM alert both service providers immediately of any fault in
the machine (out of cash, paper jams, etc).

D. ATM Responsibility
a. PSECU bears all costs of installation of ATMs to University standards. PSECU will be
responsible for the installation and on-going maintenance for all campus ATMs.

b. With regards to the fraudulent use of debit cards, PSECU provides ATM service in
accordance with Regulation E so the University will have no liability for lost, stolen or
fraudulent use of any ATM debit Card. A Card Agreement and Regulation E disclosure is
provided to all PSECU members opting to receive a card with ATM and Point-of-Sale
(POS) functionality. Under the Terms of Agreement, cardholders agree to notify PSECU
immediately if they believe the card or ATM personal identification number (PIN) has
been lost or stolen. The same terms apply if the cardholder believes the card or PIN
has been or may have been used by anyone without their authorization. Since the card
uses a PIN to secure the transaction, the only time an unauthorized transaction can
occur is when the PIN is breached. PIN protection on ATM debit cards typically ensures
cardholders against loss. In the event of an erroneous or unauthorized transaction,

- - a - . ae * :
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSE@ee

Technical Proposal | Page 5 of 34
