with whom we partner. Pete has 12 years of experience in facilities management, 20 years of
experience in construction management and has been with PSECU for 3 years.

Sara Weiser, CCUFC, PSECU Financial Education Manager

Sara Weiser manages and writes curriculum for PSECU?s financial education Program, WalletWorks.
She serves on the Harrisburg Regional Council and is a member of the Young Women's Futures
Symposium Steering Committee for Junior Achievement of South Central Pennsylvania, is a member
of the Advisory Council for the Capital Region Partnership for Career Development, and represents
PSECU in the Pennsylvania JumpStart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy. She also serves as the
Area Chair for the Harrisburg/Central Pennsylvania and York/Lancaster regions for the Brown
University Alumni Interviewing Program. She holds a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University, where
she double-concentrated in Education and Psychology. Sara also holds a Master of Arts in Community
Psychology and Social Change from Penn State University, with a graduate certificate in Non-Profit
Administration. Sara came to PSECU from the education field in 2014 and has extensive experience
working with students. She holds a certification as a Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor

through the Credit Union National Association.

Marcy M. Miller, University Development Administrative Manager

Marcy Miller currently assists in the management of the PSECU?s University Development program and
oversees the daily administrative operations of the unit. She is responsible for developing and
monitoring University Development contractual obligations, marketing promotions, procedures and
budgets. Marcy?s contributions include providing information regarding Financial Education Center
operations and programs, and ensuring compliance with administrative submission requirements. She
earned a Bachelor of Science in Consumer Science/Retail Management from Hood College and has over
13 years of service with PSECU.

a Se es
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 25 of 38
