PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION

PASSHE-BB-3 |
REV. JULY 2017

5)

6)

0)

8)

Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

Contractor?s financial interest. Contractor shall disclose the financial interest to the
University at the time of bid or proposal submission, or if no bids or proposals are
solicited, no later than Contractor?s submission of this Contract signed by Contractor.

Contractor certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that within the last five (5)
years Contractor or Contractor Related Parties have not:

a) been indicted or convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude or business
honesty or integrity in any jurisdiction;

b) been suspended, debarred or otherwise disqualified from entering into any
contract with any governmental agency;

c) had any business license or professional license suspended or revoked;

d) had any sanction or finding of fact imposed as a result of a judicial or
administrative proceeding related to fraud, extortion, bribery, bid rigging,
embezzlement, misrepresentation or anti-trust; and

e) been, and are not currently, the subject of a criminal investigation by any
federal, state or local prosecuting or investigative agency or civil anti-trust
investigation by any federal, state or local prosecuting or investigative agency.

If Contractor cannot so certify to the above, then it must submit along with its bid,
proposal or contract a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made
and the University will determine whether a contract may be entered into with the
Contractor. The Contractor?s obligation pursuant to this certification is ongoing from
and after the Effective Date of this Contract through the Expiration Date. Accordingly,
the Contractor shall have an obligation to immediately notify the University in writing
if at any time during the term of this Contract it becomes aware of any event that would
cause the Contractor?s certification or explanation to change. Contractor acknowledges
that the University may, in its sole discretion, terminate this Contract for cause if it
learns that any of the certifications made herein are currently false due to intervening
factual circumstances or were false or should have been known to be false when
entering into the contract.

Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the Lobbying Disclosure Act (65
Pa.C.S. ?13A01 et seq.) regardless of the method of award. If this Contract was
awarded on a non-bid Basis, Contractor must also comply with the requirements of
Section 1641 of the Pennsylvania Election Code (25 P.S. ?3260a).

When Contractor has reason to believe that any breach of ethical standards as set forth
in law, the Governor?s Code of Conduct, or these Contractor Integrity provisions has
occurred or may occur, including but not limited to contact by a Commonwealth officer
or employee which, if acted upon, would violate such ethical standards, Contractor
shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer or the Office of the State Inspector
General in writing.

Contractor, by submission of its bid or proposal or execution of this Contract and by
the submission of any bills, invoices or requests for payment pursuant to this Contract,
certifies and represents that it has not violated any of these Contractor Integrity
provisions in connection with the submission of the bid or proposal, during any contract

Page 25 of 32
