Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

inspection after payment, but within a reasonable time after performance, and to reject the service
if such post payment testing or inspection discloses a defect or a failure to meet specifications.
The Contractor agrees that the Commonwealth may set off the amount of any state tax liability or
other obligation of the Contractor or its subsidiaries to the Commonwealth against any payments
due the Contractor under any contract with the Commonwealth.

b. The Commonwealth shall have the option of using the Commonwealth
purchasing card to make purchases under the Contract or purchase order. The Commonwealth?s
purchasing card is similar to a credit card in that there will be a small fee which the Contractor
will be required to pay and the Contractor will receive payment directly from the card issuer
rather than the Commonwealth. Any and all fees related to this type of payment are the
responsibility of the Contractor. In no case will the Commonwealth allow increases in prices to
offset credit card fees paid by the Contractor or any other charges incurred by the Contractor,
unless specifically stated in the terms of the Contract or purchase order.

8. TAXES. The Commonwealth is exempt from all excise taxes imposed by the
Internal Revenue Service and has accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service to
make tax free purchases under Registration No. 2374001-K. With the exception of purchases of
the following items, no exemption certificates are required and none will be issued: undyed diesel
fuel, tires, trucks, gas guzzler emergency vehicles and sports fishing equipment. The
Commonwealth is also exempt from Pennsylvania state sales tax, local sales tax, public
transportation assistance taxes and fees and vehicle rental tax. The Department of Revenue
regulations provide that exemption certificates are not required for sales made to governmental
entities and none will be issued. Nothing in this paragraph is meant to exempt a construction
contractor from the payment of any of these taxes or fees which are required to be paid with
respect to the purchase, use, rental, or lease of tangible personal property or taxable services used
or transferred in connection with the performance of a construction contract.

9. ASSIGNMENT _OF ANTITRUST CLAIMS. The Contractor and the
Commonwealth recognize that in actual economic practice, overcharges by the Contractor?s
suppliers resulting from violations of state or federal antitrust laws are in fact borne by the
Commonwealth. As part of the consideration for the award of the Contract, and intending to be
legally bound, the Contractor assigns to the Commonwealth all right, title and interest in and to
any claims the Contractor now has, or may acquire, under state or federal antitrust laws relating to
the products and services which are the subject of this Contract.

10. OWNERSHIP RIGHTS. The Commonwealth shall have unrestricted authority
to reproduce, distribute, and use any submitted report, data or material, and any software or
modifications and any associated documentation that is designed or developed and delivered to
the Commonwealth as part of the performance of the Contract.

I, TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. The Commonwealth has the right to
terminate this Contract for any of the following reasons. Termination shall be effective upon

written notice to the Contractor:

a. Termination for Convenience. The Commonwealth shall have the right to
terminate the Contract for its convenience if the Commonwealth determines termination to be in
its best interest. The Contractor shall be paid for work satisfactorily completed prior to the

Page 6 of 24
