Community College of Philadelphia
RFP #9874
ATM & BANKING SERVICES
COST PROPOSAL

Listed below is PSECU?s Cost Proposal response for RFP #9874 from the Community College
of Philadelphia. We welcome the opportunity to offer our financial services which we feel
will provide a superior value to your students, faculty and staff.

Total Cost to the Community College of Philadelphia

PSECU shall construct and install the Financial Education Center at no additional costs to
Community College of Philadelphia. PSECU will be responsible for the construction and
renovation of the center space and installation and on-going maintenance and charges
associated with conduit, electrical, computer, telephone and other data and phone lines which
serve the Financial Education Center and the ATMs, as well as any and all other facilities,
equipment or furniture which may be necessary or appropriate for the installation, operation
and maintenance of the center.

While there are no direct program costs to the College, the following electrical service costs
will be provided by the College in support of program delivery:

e Utilities for the operation of PSECU?s Financial Education Center and the on-campus
ATMs

e Alternating current (A/C) power to approved ATM locations

PSECU will work with the College to co-market our products and services on campus
including insertion of appropriate marketing materials into mailings to the campus community.
These materials are prepared and provided by PSECU at its sole cost and expense.

Cost to the Consumer

PSECU believes a member should not pay to use their account. Therefore, members appreciate
our low- or no-fee philosophy. College students, faculty and staff will incur little or no costs
related to the products and services associated with their PSECU account. As part of our
relationship with CCP, PSECU will deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1 (Regular Savings
Account) balance requirement for membership into each new CCP member account. In
addition, PSECU has committed to charging no ATM surcharges for either members or
non-members at any CCP Campus ATM.

Please refer to PSECU?s current fee schedule on page 5 for additional fee information.

Page 1 of 5
