Athletic Year 2021-2022: $2,268,167 NET
Athletic Year 2022-2023: $2,336,212 NET
Athletic Year 2023-2024: $2,406,298 NET
Athletic Year 2024-2025: $2,478,487 NET*
Athletic Year 2025-2026; $2,552,842 NET*
Athletic Year 2026-2027: $2,629,427 NET*
Athletic Year 2027-2028: $2,708,310 NET*
Athletic Year 2028-2029: $2,789,559 NET*

Each of the amounts listed above shall be paid in four (4) equal installments: On or before September 1*, on or before
November 1*, on or before January 1* and on or before March 1* of the applicable athletic year. For the avoidance of doubt,
the first payment is due on or before September 1*, 2019.

Unless this Agreement is assigned to the University, please make all checks payable to Penn State Sports Properties, LLC.
All late payments are subject to a late payment fee of 2% per month.

5. Exclusive Negotiation: _ If this Agreement is then in effect, during the period beginning September 1, 2028 and continuing
through October 31, 2028 (the ?Exclusive Negotiation Period"), Sponsor shall have the exclusive right to negotiate with
Provider regarding the renewal of this Agreement beyond June 30, 2029. If the Parties are unable to reach an agreement by
the end of the Exclusive Negotiation Period, Provider may freely solicit, engage in unsolicited discussions or engage in any
negotiations for the Benefits with any third party, The Parties acknowledge the existence of certain University banking
contracts, which may impact the ability to negotiate future rights during the Exclusive Negotiating Period.

6. Extended Season Radio & Television. If any of the Benefits described in Exhibit A include radio or television broadcasting
sponsorships, then the Benefits relating to such sponsorships shall only include 12 regular season football radio broadcasts,
12 regular season football television shows, 8 regular season basketball television show broadcasts, 29 regular season men?s
basketball radio broadcasts, 29 regular season women?s basketball radio broadcasts and 35 regular season men?s hockey radio
broadcasts. If Provider?s network broadcast additional games/TV shows (above the aforementioned quantity of broadcasts),
the sponsorship will continue for those games/broadcasts at regular season rate outlined in Exhibit A. Additional
games/broadcasts will be invoiced at the conclusion of the football, basketball and hockey season respectively.

7. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement to the extent that any delay or failure in the
performance of its obligations results from any cause beyond the non-performing party?s control and without such party?s
fault or negligence, such as acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, embargoes, epidemics, war, acts of terrorism, riots,
insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, floods, loss of power, strikes or lockouts (?Force Majeure?). If any Force
Majeure condition affects Provider?s ability to perform its obligations set forth hereunder, Provider shall give written notice
to Sponsor, and Provider will offer mutually agreeable Make-Good Benefits to Sponsor in accordance with Paragraph 3 above.

8. University Marks. To the extent that any of the Sponsor?s Benefits described in Exhibit A hereto include the right to make
use of University?s athletic logos or trademarks and BJC logos or trademarks (?School Marks"), Sponsor agrees that its use
of School Marks is non-exclusive, limited and non-transferable and must be approved by the Provider and/or the University
prior to its use. Sponsor further agrees that it may not make use of School Marks in any retail promotion, on premium items
or sale of a product without the approval of the University or its authorized agent and the payment of any required license fee.
All right, title and interest in and to the School Marks is and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the University.

9. Indemnification, Each Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other Party, including its members, officers, directors,
employees, and other agents, harmless from any and all liability (including, without limitation, reasonable attomney?s fees,
costs and expenses) resulting from or related to any claim, complaint and/or judgment for any negligent act or acts of
intentional misconduct of the indemnifying party. For the avoidance of doubt and clarification, Sponsor acknowledges and
agrees that Provider has no control over any of the athletic events in which a University team participates or the athletic venues
in which the event occurs or BJC events. Accordingly, Sponsor agrees that it has no right to bring a claim for indemnification
against Provider or a claim directly against Provider (each a ?Sponsor Claim?) under any theory of law and will not therefore
bring or make any Sponsor Claim under any theory of law against Provider arising out of or from any athletic event of the
University or occurring in or about a University athletic venue or BJC. Each party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless University and its trustees, officers, directors, employees and other agents from any and all liability (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorey?s fees, costs and expenses) resulting from or related to any claim, complaint and/or
judgment for any negligent act or acts of intentional misconduct committed by the indemnifying party under this Agreement.

10. Termination.
a. Termination: This Agreement may be terminated by University as provided in Section I above.
b. Termination for Negative Publicity:
i. In the event either Party or the University becomes the subject of negative publicity that materially
diminishes the value of the Benefits provided hereunder, and such diminishment cannot be cured

2
