Sara Weiser, CCUFC, PSECU Financial Education Manager

Sara Weiser manages and writes curriculum for PSECU?s financial education program, WalletWorks. She
serves on the Harrisburg Regional Council and is a member of the Young Women's Futures Symposium
Steering Committee for Junior Achievement of South Central Pennsylvania, is a member of the Advisory
Council for the Capital Region Partnership for Career Development, and represents PSECU in the
Pennsylvania JumpStart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy. She also serves as the Area Chair for
the Harrisburg/Central Pennsylvania and York/Lancaster regions for the Brown University Alumni
Interviewing Program. She holds a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University, where she double-
concentrated in Education and Psychology. Sara also holds a Master of Arts in Community Psychology
and Social Change from Penn State University, with a graduate certificate in Non-Profit Administration.
Sara came to PSECU from the education field in 2014 and has extensive experience working with
students. She holds a certification as a Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor through the Credit
Union National Association.

Marcy M. Miller, University Development Administrative Manager

Marcy Miller currently assists in the management of the PSECU?s University Development program and
oversees the daily administrative operations of the unit. She is responsible for developing and
monitoring University Development contractual obligations, marketing promotions, procedures and
budgets. Marcy?s contributions include providing information regarding Financial Education Center
operations and programs, and ensuring compliance with administrative submission requirements. She
earned a Bachelor of Science in Consumer Science/Retail Management from Hood College and has over
14 years of service with PSECU.

Commitment to Safety and Security on the University Campus

PSECU strives to provide the safest and most secure working environment at our Financial Education
Centers on University campuses by abiding by our hiring practices and providing ongoing training to
support this commitment.

PSECU utilizes credit reports on candidates under consideration for hire. The information is
requested and reviewed at the conclusion of the interview process and before an offer is extended.
All candidates must be deemed credit worthy and bondable to proceed in the selection process. If
the credit report is acceptable and a conditional offer is accepted, then the criminal background
process is initiated. PSECU conducts a national, state and county criminal background check prior to
finalizing any employment offers. Candidates must also pass the PA Child Abuse History Clearance
and Federal Criminal history (Fingerprinting) to continue employment.

PSECU is also committed to ensuring that all programs conducted on the University campus promote
the health, wellness, safety and security of minors under the age of eighteen who participate in
these programs. In order to ensure that this objective is met, PSECU has committed to the following
provisions:

PSECU will provide the University with the name(s) of the individual(s) who have primary and
direct operational responsibility for managing the Financial Education Center and all program
staff who may have direct contact, or otherwise oversee minors.

All PSECU staff who have any contact with the University campus are deemed mandated
reporters and are trained according to Pennsylvania law. All mandated reporters shall make an
immediate report of suspected child abuse or cause a report to be made if they have
reasonable cause to suspect that a child is a victim of child abuse.

cee ae - a os :
RFP: MVU-S?162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEGee

Technical Proposal | Page 23 of 34

