+ We get our campus community members started by depositing the initial $5 minimum
Share 1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into each new
Bloomsburg member account. (A $5 minimum share purchase will be made on behalf of the
member by PSECU. If the member account is closed within the first year of membership,
the initial $5 share will be retained by PSECU.)

* PSECU financially supports scholarship programs for the University. These programs are
administered by the University, enabling them to provide funds to those who need it most.

* PSECU offers additional non-contractual support for student-focused events and programs
including sponsorships, athletic advertising, orientation program support and more.

* Our generous Funds Availability Policy makes funds from deposits available to our
members on the business day that we receive the deposit, with only a few limited
exceptions. This allows members to make deposits into an ATM, and the funds are available
for withdrawal at the same time. Please refer to page 32 for our Funds Availability Policy.

* Our free credit score service for eligible members allows members to view and monitor
their credit score for free within online banking.

* For the past four years, PSECU has paid a Relationship Reward to continue the legacy of
our 22 founding members who created PSECU as a financial cooperative. Their goal was to
pool their resources so everyone could benefit. Each member?s annual Relationship Reward
was calculated based on product and service usage, share dividends earned and interest

paid.

* PSECU offers members many ways to avoid paying ATM surcharges. We own numerous
ATMs throughout Pennsylvania and are continuously looking for additional locations. PSECU
initiated an alliance with many credit unions in Pennsylvania and Maryland to make ATMs
available to our membership without surcharge. Members will not be surcharged at an
alliance ATM that displays the ?CUS? logo. In addition, we are a part of Select-A-Branch,
which offers surcharge-free ATMs along the PA Turnpike and we participate in the CO-OP
Network?, which allows many ATMs to be surcharge-free for our members.

* _ PSECU offers members a monthly surcharge rebate and will reimburse our members up to
$8 per month in surcharges from withdrawals made at non-PSECU ATMs. For members with
recurring direct deposit of their payroll, retirement or Social Security funds, the level of
rebate is up to $20 per month.

* PSECU membership is a benefit to your faculty and staff - it is a free benefit offered ata
time when benefits are shrinking due to rising costs.

* Our Student Line of Credit product bridges the gap and offers a line of credit just for
students to help them make it through a tough time when they need it most. It offers a
budget-friendly, manageable repayment schedule and affords the student an opportunity

to build a solid credit history.

Snr ie erate ae ni a a ?e *
BURFP - ROB423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 7 of 38
