institutions based on their card parameters as follows:

? Deposits (checks, cash, traveler?s cheques, money orders) to savings and checking
? Withdrawals from savings, checking and personal service loan

? Transfers between savings, checking and personal service loan

? Balance inquiries on savings and checking

The machines will connect to the STAR? network and deposits at machines, on or off
campus, will be immediately available for withdrawal. Regardless of the ATM used,
PSECU members have immediate availability of deposited amounts up to $1,000 for
accounts opened within 30 days, and for deposited amounts up to $10,000 for other
accounts in good standing.

The customary ATM surcharge is currently $1.50 for withdrawals by non-members
at our other partner schools. PSECU has committed to charging no ATM
surcharges for either members or non-members at any CCP Campus ATM.

PSECU is willing to install ATMs with similar functionality as supplied by the College?s
current supplier. PSECU will work with the College and the current supplier to establish
a schedule of dates and times for installation, in time for the start of the fall 2015
semester, of six ATMs in existing locations. It is our understanding that currently there
are ATMs in the following locations:

? 3 ATMs on the Main Campus located at 1700 Spring Garden Street, Philadelphia
PA 19130
? 1 ATM at each regional center located at:
o Northwest Regional Center, 1300 West Godfrey Avenue, Philadelphia,
PA 19141
o Northeast Regional Center, 12901 Townsend Road, Philadelphia, PA
19154
o West Regional Center, 4725 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia PA 10139

PSECU will work with the College to determine, by mutual agreement, the most
optimum locations. Additional machines may be added later in the contract by mutual
agreement as to location and service functionality. PSECU will have ATM exclusivity.

All ATMs installed by PSECU on College property are affiliated with the STAR",
PLUS?, Cirrus?, American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks. The
College is not liable for fraudulent use or overdrafts occurring due to ATM transactions.
The College is not liable for the support associated with the ATMs to include, but not
limited to signage, consumables, d?cor, cleaning and repairs due to neglect and/or
vandalism. The College will provide A/C (alternating current) power to approved ATM
locations. Campus ATMs will be operational 24/7, however accessibility will be
contingent on ATM location on the campus (i.e. building access hours).

PSECU currently administers the CU$" surcharge-free ATM alliance which offers 982
surcharge-free ATMs to credit union members in Pennsylvania and 329 ATMs outside
Pennsylvania. PSECU is a member of the CO-OP Financial Services ATM Network
which offers 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs nationwide to PSECU members. In addition,
PSECU cardholders may access any ATM affiliated with the STAR?, PLUS", Cirrus?,
American Express?, Visa?, MasterCard? and Discover? networks surcharge-free. PSECU
has provided an inventory of surcharge-free ATMs in the community and local
surrounding area that have recently served our membership. Please refer to Attachment 7
for this information.

27
