PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 1
REV: JULY 2017

a private pecuniary benefit (financial gain that is not authorized in law) for themselves, member(s) of their
immediate family, or businesses with which they or member(s) of their immediate family are associated;
and b) using any confidential information received from their public positions to obtain a private pecuniary
benefit (financial gain that is not authorized in law) for themselves, member(s) of their immediate family,
or businesses with which they or member(s) of immediate family are associated. 65 Pa.C.S. ? 1103(a).

C. ?State advisors? and ?State consultants? as those terms are defined in the State Adverse
Interest Act, 71 P.S. ? 7761 et eq., having recommended to the State agency that he or she served, either
in the making of a contract or a course of action of which the making of a contract is an express or implied
part, are prohibited from ?hav[ing] an adverse interest? in such contract, as that term is defined in the
statue. A State employee, as that term is defined in the statue, is prohibited from having an adverse interest
in a contract with the State agency by which he or she is employed and from influencing or attempting to
influence the making of or supervise or in any manner deal with any contract in which the employee has
an adverse interest. For purposes of this section, State agency shall refer to the Pennsylvania State System
of Higher Education.

d. The Contractor must report any known or suspected violations of the provisions of this
section to the University or the Office of the Chancellor, attn.: Chief Counsel.

35. | AUDIT. The University and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania shall have the right, at
reasonable times and at a site designated by the University, to audit the books, documents and records of
the Contractor to the extent that the books, documents and records relate to costs or pricing data for this
Contract. The Contractor agrees to maintain records that will support the prices charged and costs incurred
for this Contract. The Contractor shall preserve books, documents, and records that relate to costs or
pricing data for this Contract for a period of three (3) years from date of final payment. The Contractor
shall give full and free access to all records to the University, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and
their authorized representatives.

36. RIGHT OF OFFSET. The Contractor acknowledges and agrees that the University may set off
the amount of any state tax liability or other obligation of the Contractor or its subsidiaries to the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania against any payments due the Contractor under any contract with the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

37. RIGHT TO KNOW LAW.

a. The Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law, 65 P.S. ?? 67.101-3104, (?RTKL?) applies to this
Contract.

b. If the University needs the Contractor?s assistance in any matter arising out of the RTKL
related to this Contract, it shall notify the Contractor using the legal contact information provided in this
Contract. The Contractor, at any time, may designate a different contact for such purpose upon reasonable
prior written notice to the University.

ici Upon written notification from the University that it requires the Contractor?s assistance in
responding to a request under the RTKL for information related to this Contract that may be in the
Contractor?s possession, constituting, or alleged to constitute, a public record in accordance with the
RTKL (?Requested Information?), the Contractor shall:

1) Provide the University, within ten (10) days after receipt of written notification, access
to, and copies of, any document or information in the Contractor?s possession arising
out of this Contract that the University reasonably believes is Requested Information
and may be a public record under the RTKL; and

Page 27 of 32
