Attachment A

THE PSECU /Clarion University Foundation Financial Education Center
at Clarion University

catio s, and Hours o eration

The Financial Education Center will be located in the Clarion University Student Center. Dates and
hours of operation will be determined on an as needed basis.

Purpose of Financial Education Center

PSECU?s Financial Education Center approach employs interns hired from Clarion University for
staffing, providing real-world experience for many students in the marketing, sales and finance
fields, as well as from other academic disciplines. PSECU will maintain a Business Advisor (1),
Financial Education Center Assistant Manager (2) and Financial Education Center Student Interns
(minimum of 2 - number may vary depending on operational needs). Other conditions of
employment are specified in each position description.

The following is a high-level overview of the services that will be offered at PSECU?s on-campus
Financial Education Center:

eoeeceee

General account questions

New account openings

Financial Education

Account issue resolution

Product and service cross-selling

Meaningful job experience for Clarion University students without leaving campus
Development of account relationships with students, faculty and staff

PSECU will provide a digital infrastructure (mobile and online) that will allow students, faculty and
staff to easily access the related banking services virtually anytime, anywhere. PSECU also utilizes
ATMs to act as the teller for cash and check transactions through immediate access to deposited
funds, Please refer to PSECU?s website, psecu.com, for our Funds Availability Policy. PSECU is then
able to operate each Financial Education Center with greater flexibility in terms of mandatory
schedules and security requirements that govern traditional branch operations.

Expenses

The Foundation shall provide custodial services and electricity for the operation of
the Financial Education Center and Alternating current (A/C) power to approved
ATM locations. Credit Union shall be responsible for all other utilities.

Insurance - Credit Union shall maintain insurance coverage typical of rented space and
employee bonding

Equipment, supplies, brochures, applications and literature provided and paid by Credit
Union

Maintenance and upkeep of Financial Education Center space paid by Credit Union

PSECU - Confidential

