Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

effective date of the termination, but in no event shall the Contractor be entitled to recover lost
profits.

b. Non-appropriation. The Commonwealth?s obligation to make payments
during any Commonwealth fiscal year succeeding the current fiscal year shall be subject to
availability and appropriation of funds. When funds (state and/or federal) are not appropriated or
otherwise made available to support continuation of performance in a subsequent fiscal year
period, the Commonwealth shall have the right to terminate the Contract. The Contractor shall be
reimbursed for the reasonable value of any nonrecurring costs incurred but not amortized in the
price of the supplies or services delivered under this Contract. Such reimbursement shall not
include loss of profit, loss of use of money, or administrative or overhead costs. The
reimbursement amount may be paid from any appropriations available for that purpose.

c. Termination for Cause. The Commonwealth shall have the right to
terminate the Contract for Contractor default under paragraph 19, Default, upon written notice to
the Contractor. The Commonwealth shall also have the right, upon written notice to the
Contractor, to terminate the Contract for other cause as specified in this Contract or by law. If it
is later determined that the Commonwealth erred in terminating the Contract for cause, then, at
the Commonwealth?s discretion, the Contract shall be deemed to have been terminated for

convenience under subparagraph (a).

d. Termination by Contractor. Contractor may terminate this Agreement at
any time for any or no reason. Contractor shall send not less than 9 months written notification
(?Termination Notice?) to the University indicating the intent to terminate the Agreement.

12. AUDIT PROVISIONS. The Commonwealth shall have the right, at reasonable
times and at a site designated by the Commonwealth, to audit the books, documents and records
of the Contractor to the extent that the books, documents and records relate to costs or pricing
data for the Contract. The Contractor agrees to maintain records which will support the prices
charged and costs incurred for the Contract. The Contractor shall preserve books, documents
and records that relate to costs or pricing data for the Contract for a period of three (3) years from
date of final payment. The Contractor shall give full and free access to all records to the
Commonwealth and/or their authorized representatives.

13: CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY.

a. The Contractor certifies, for itself and all its subcontractors, that as of the
date of its execution of this Bid/Contract, that neither the Contractor, nor any subcontractors, nor
any suppliers are under suspension or debarment by the Commonwealth or any governmental
entity, instrumentality, or authority and, if the Contractor cannot so certify, then it agrees to
submit, along with its Bid, a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made.

b. The Contractor also certifies, that as of the date of its execution of this
Bid/Contract, it has no tax liabilities or other Commonwealth obligations.

c. The Contractor?s obligations pursuant to these provisions are ongoing from
and after the effective date of the contract through the termination date thereof. Accordingly, the
Contractor shall have an obligation to inform the Commonwealth if, at any time during the term
of the Contract, it becomes delinquent in the payment of taxes, or other Commonwealth
obligations, or if it or any of its subcontractors are suspended or debarred by the Commonwealth,

Page 7 of 24
