Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

the Contracting Officer fails to issue a final determination within the 120 days (unless extended
by consent of the Parties), the. claim shall be deemed denied. The contracting officer?s
determination shall be the final order of the Purchasing Agency.

c. Within fifteen (15) days of the mailing date of the determination denying a
claim or within 135 days of filing a claim if, no extension is agreed to by the parties, whichever
occurs first, the Contractor may file a statement of claim with the Commonwealth Board of
Claims. Pending a final judicial resolution of a controversy or claim, the Contractor shall proceed
diligently with the performance of the Contract in a manner consistent with the determination of
the Contracting Officer and the Commonwealth shall compensate the Contractor pursuant to the
terms of the Contract.

22. AMENDMENTS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement between
the parties, superseding any other prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements. Any
changes, corrections or additions to this Agreement shall be in writing in the form of a
supplemental agreement signed by all necessary parties and setting forth therein the proposed
change, correction or addition.

23% SEVERABILITY. Should any term of this Contract be rendered unlawful by a
court of competent jurisdiction or any legislative act, then the parties shall give effect to the
balance of the agreement to the extent possible.

24. APPLICABLE LAW. This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to
any conflict of laws provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. The Contractor
consents to the jurisdiction of any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any federal
courts in Pennsylvania; waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper.
The Contractor agrees that any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over it, and
consents to service of process in any manner authorized by Pennsylvania law.

an, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. ___ In performing the services required by
the Contract, the Contractor will act as an independent Contractor and not as an employee or
agent of the Commonwealth.

26. POST-CONSUMER RECYCLED CONTENT. Except as specifically waived
by the Department of General Services in writing, any products which are provided to the
Commonwealth as a part of the performance of the Contract must meet the minimum percentage
levels for the total recycled content as specified in Exhibits A-1 through A-8 to this Contract.

a7. ENVIRONMENTAL PROVISIONS. In the performance of the Contract, the
Contractor shall minimize pollution and shall strictly comply with all applicable environmental
laws and regulations.

28. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. The Contractor shall provide information to
the Commonwealth about the identity and hazards of hazardous substances supplied or used by
the Contractor in the performance of the Contract. The Contractor must comply with Act 159 of

Page 17 of 24
