:
i
i
|
|
;
:

account history and other factors, debit card limits are established and communicated to the
member. For security reasons, our debit cards are mailed in plain, white window envelopes to
the address of record - with no indication it is from PSECU. Members need to activate the cards
from their telephone of record on the account after the cards arrive in the mail. There is a
sticker provided on the card with the phone number to call for activation.

Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 toll-free nationwide during PSECU's hours of operation
to terminate the use of their card, to report a card lost or stolen or to have a new card issued.
After business hours, the member can call 800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen
cards can be reported by anyone (i.e. non-cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member will
need to speak to PSECU to have a new card issued.

Members who desire to close their account need to complete and sign an Authorization to
Close Account Form, available online or at our campus Centers. The member is responsible to
ensure that all checks have cleared, payroll, if applicable, has stopped and all loans are
brought to a $0.00 balance. Members have the ability to disburse any remaining account funds
by check to their account address or deposit to another PSECU Account.

B. Account Openings

Students, faculty and staff are able to open their PSECU account prior to arriving on campus
through our online application located at psecu.com. This online application (as well as our
paper application) allows the applicant to choose checking and ATM/debit card service in one
convenient application. The online application typically takes less than 15 minutes to complete
and includes an option for eSignature. Therefore, the vast majority of applicants are members
in a short period of time. In addition, as part of our relationship with Millersville, PSECU
deposits the initial $5 into each new Millersville-related member account at account opening so
new members do not need any funds to get their account opened.

In addition, we provide a paper application, depending on the potential members? choice, at
our on-campus location. Paper applications can also be obtained through contacting our Call
Centers.

Because PSECU strongly believes in providing university students with the best possible
financial services alternative, we priority-process our university applications.

C. Costs/fees associated with the banking accounts

PSECU believes a member should not have to pay to use their account. Therefore, members
appreciate our low or no fee philosophy. University students, faculty and staff would incur
little or no costs related to the products and services associated with their PSECU account.

As part of our relationship with Millersville, PSECU will deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1
(Regular Savings) balance requirement for membership into each new Millersville member
account.

Visa? ATM/Debit Card Costs to the Consumer
* No Point-Of-Sale (POS) transaction fees
+ No account maintenance fees/No card issuance or replacement fees
* No minimum balance requirements/fees

RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

Technical Proposal | Page 12 of 34

