c)

d)

e)

f)

expense, Credit Union shall be solely responsible for the maintenance of each
Financial Educational Center, and the costs of all data communications necessary
for the operation of each Financial Educational Center except as stated in Sections
4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A.

Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that
each Financial Educational Center is operational during the stated business
hours of the Financial Educational Center, which efforts shall include
dispatching service personnel, making repairs and replacements, and
monitoring data line problems.

Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit
Union or any wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union. Credit Union may
employ independent contractors for construction and/or maintenance purposes.

Credit Union agrees to maintain, at no expense to SUSSI, the conduit and
electrical, computer, telephone and other lines which serve the Financial
Educational Center, as well as any and all other facilities or equipment which
may be necessary or appropriate for the operation and maintenance of the
Financial Educational Center. The appearance, location and atl other features
and characteristics of the lines, facilities and equipment serving the Financial
Educational Center will be mutually agreed upon by SUSSI and Credit Union.

Location and Number of ATMs:

The location of the ATM(s) shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties. ATM
security and transaction monitoring will be the responsibility of the Credit Union.
The ATM(s) may be relocated if service volume (transactions) is not commensurate
with established trends in campus communities of similar size and upon the mutual
agreement of both parties. The party requesting relocation will bear the cost
thereof including related equipment and installation. Requests for relocation must
be made no less than forty five days (45) prior to the desired relocation date. This
section excludes actions related to security or emergency situations that would
require the university or college to relocate the ATM. Prompt notification must be
provided to the Credit Union and due care must be taken by the university or
college to protect the ATM and retated equipment. The minimum number of ATMs
will be three (3), with at least one ATM having deposit capabilities for both cash

and check deposits.

6. SUSSI Obligations

a) SUSSI agrees that Credit Union retains the sole right to control the management of

b

=

each Financial Educational Center provided, however, that under no circumstance
shall Credit Union, its employees or representatives, tamper with or have any
access (other than commercial use) to any other SUSSI equipment or facilities
without prior written consent from SUSSI.

SUSSI shall provide janitorial services and electricity to the Credit Union for the
operation of each Financial Educational Center. Credit Union shall be responsible
for all other utilities.

Page 3 of 22
