16.

17.

required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been
given or made when delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the
United States mail, certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in
the case of overnight courier services, one business day after delivery to the
overnight courier service with payment provided for, or in the case of facsimile,
upon written confirmation of receipt from the receiving party. Either party may
from time-to-time change its address as set forth below by notifying the other party
of its new address in writing.

Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section
without the prior written consent of Harrisburg Area Community College, York
Campus; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
prevent Credit Union, without Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus?s
consent, from assigning any of Credit Union rights under this Agreement to any
wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any merger or
consolidation of Credit Union or any wholly owned subsidiary. Harrisburg Area
Community College, York Campus shall not assign this Agreement without the prior
written consent of Credit Union under this Agreement, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld.

Confidential member information

Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus agrees, acknowledges, and
recognizes that Credit Union is a highly regulated financial institution under a
strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any ?Confidential Member Information". Confidential
Member Information shall specifically include all non-public member data,
account or personal information, such as account numbers, access codes,
account ownership and names of account owners, account owner email
addresses, demographic information, and financial transactions conducted
within those accounts. Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus will
not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Member
Information which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business
with Credit Union or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from
Credit Union following notice given to Credit Unionby Harrisburg Area
Community College, York Campus specifying exactly what information is to be
shared and with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is
being requested. Any Confidential Member Information received by Harrisburg
Area Community College, York Campus, or any Credit Union-approved
recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Member Information as
herein stated shall survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement.
Furthermore, Harrisburg Area Community College, York Campus agrees and
promises to destroy any Confidential Member Information that it has received or
obtained from Credit Union, including any copies, immediately upon receiving

Page 10 of 18

10
