e Pre-approved AutoDrafts
? Online applications most often receive a decision within 30 seconds

e Terms from 24 to 120 months

PSECU Visa? Founder?s Card: PSECU?s Cash Rewards card option. Earn Cash Back rewards that never
expire.

Earn 1.5% Cash Rewards on every purchase or 2% Cash Rewards on every purchase with
checking service and one or more qualifying monthly Direct Deposits totaling at least $500
e Rewards never expire

* 13.40% Variable Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for purchases and cash advances (as of
09/14/2017)

3.9% APR on balance transfers (current rate is in effect up through December 31, 2018)
No PSECU balance transfer fee

Only one fee that can be avoided if account is paid on time

PSECU Visa? Classic Credit Card: PSECU believes in providing our members with a simple, no- gimmick
credit card.

e 9.9% Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for purchases and cash advances

e 2.9% APR on balance transfers (current rate is in effect up through December 31, 2018)

e No PSECU balance transfer fee

e Only one fee that can be avoided if account is paid on time

PSECU Secured Visa? Credit Card: PSECU provides a secured credit card for members who may have
trouble obtaining a regular Visa? or who are attempting to improve or establish their credit rating.

e Secured against funds in the Regular Shares of a PSECU account

? No application fees

? Minimum amount is $500/maximum is $2,000

e Members can use the provided funds just like they would a regular Visa? and establish good

credit habits

Student Line of Credit: PSECU offers the Student Line of Credit for full-time students of an accredited
college or university. This line of credit was created to provide students with a manageable loan
solution that would help build a positive credit profile and teach financial responsibility, all while
helping them achieve their academic goals through financial support.

e Available to eligible PSECU members, 18 years of age or older

e Manageable, budget-friendly payments

e 9.9% Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for purchases

? Credit limit up to $1,500, minimum credit limit is $500

Additional Loan Products: PSECU offers a host of loan products for our members.
e Home Equity Line of Credit
e Real Estate Equity Loan
e Mortgages
e Signature Loan

Additional Savings Products:
e Regular Savings

Christmas Savings

Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)
Youth Savings Program

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | a7 |

?
e Vacation Savings
e Money Market
? Certificates

e

e
