PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 |
REV: JULY 2017

request mediation through the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania?s Office of General Counsel Mediation
Program.

b. If the Contractor or the Contracting Officer requests mediation and the other party agrees,
the Contracting Officer shall promptly make arrangements for mediation. Mediation shall be scheduled
so as to not delay the issuance of the final determination beyond the required 120 days after receipt of the
claim if mediation is unsuccessful.

C. If mediation is not agreed to or if resolution is not reached through mediation, the
Contracting Officer shall review timely-filed claims and issue a final determination, in writing, regarding
the claim. The final determination shall be issued within 120 days of the receipt of the claim, unless
extended by consent of the Contracting Officer and the Contractor. The Contracting Officer shall send
his/her written determination to the Contractor. If the Contracting Officer fails to issue a final
determination within the 120 days (unless extended by consent of the parties), the claim shall be deemed
denied. The Contracting Officer's determination shall be the final order of the purchasing agency.

d. Within fifteen (15) days of the mailing date of the determination denying a claim or within
135 days of filing a claim if no extension is agreed to by the parties, whichever occurs first, the Contractor
may file a statement of claim with the Commonwealth Board of Claims which retains exclusive
jurisdiction. Pending a final judicial resolution of a controversy or claim, the Contractor shall proceed
diligently with the performance of this Contract in a manner consistent with the determination of the
Contracting Officer and the University shall compensate the Contractor pursuant to the terms of this

Contract.
25. FORCE MAJEURE.

a. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its performance of any obligation under
this Contract is prevented or delayed by an event or circumstance beyond its control, regardless of whether
it was foreseeable, that was not caused by the party who is unable to perform (the ?nonperforming party?)
provided the nonperforming party complies with the provisions of this section. Causes and circumstances
beyond a party?s control may include, but are not limited to, acts of God or war, changes in controlling
law, regulations, orders or the requirements of any governmental entity, severe weather conditions, civil
disorders, natural disasters, fire, epidemics and quarantines, general strikes throughout the trade or other
labor disputes affecting either party, and freight embargoes. Causes and circumstances beyond a party?s
control do not include a strike or other labor unrest that affects only one party or an increase in prices.

b. Upon identifying an event or circumstance a party believes is beyond its control,
nonperforming party shall notify the other party as soon as practicable and in writing no later than five (5)
days after the date on which the nonperforming party becomes aware, or should have reasonably become
aware, that such event or circumstance would prevent or delay its performance. Such notification shall (i)
describe fully such cause(s) and its effect on performance, (ii) state whether performance under this
Contract is prevented or delayed and (iii) if performance is delayed, state a reasonable estimate of the
duration of the delay and all reasonable efforts being undertaken to attempt performance, limit delay and
limit damages. The nonperforming party shall have the burden of proving that such event or circumstance
delayed or prevented its performance despite its diligent efforts to perform and shall produce such
supporting documentation as the other party may reasonably request, including providing updates
regarding the event or circumstance as it is ongoing. After receipt of such notification, the party receiving
notice of the event or circumstance may elect to cancel this Contract, cancel the Purchase Order, or to
extend the time for performance as reasonably necessary to compensate for the delay.

Page 18 of 32
