3.

3-1

3-2

REQUIREMENTS

AUTOMATED TELLER MACHINE (ATM) REQUIREMENTS

A. The University is seeking installation and operation of five ATM?s on campus. A
minimum of two primary ATM?s must be full service machines with cash dispensing
and deposit capabilities. One full service free-standing ATM is to be located at the
site of the current ATM in the Student Memorial Center, and is intended to serve the
convenience banking needs of the University?s students and staff. It is available
during the Center?s normal business hours. A second full service ATM is to be
located at the site of the current ATM machine on Centennial Drive. Service access
at this ATM must be available 24 hours per day, 7 days a week. The third ATM will be
located at the site of the current ATM in Lyle Hall, the fourth in Gordinier Hall, and the
fifth in the Ware Center (all three are to be open during normal business hours).
These final three are free-standing machines with cash dispensing capability only. By
mutual agreement between the University and the selected contractor, the ATM's
and/or additional ATM?s may be installed at other campus locations, provided the
institution confirms its ability and willingness to install and operate them at its own
expense.

B. Adescription of the frequency of the ATM servicing should be submitted as part of

the response to this RFP.

When an ATM malfunctions or breaks down, the machine must be repaired on a

timely basis. Provide your institution?s turnaround time for repairs and state whether

the institution or an outside contractor provides such services.

. Contractor will be responsible for damages to machines through loss, theft,

vandalism, and fraudulent use of debit cards.
Cash and check deposits should be immediately available for withdrawal.
ATM's should allow deposits to be made to other financial institution accounts.

. There will be no surcharges for account holder of the selected contractor. Describe

your policy regarding surcharges on users who do not have an account with your

institution.

Provide a list of networks with which your ATM?s are affiliated.

Contractor must provide monthly summaries of all transactions processed by the

campus ATM?s.

QO

Qmm Oo

~x

. BANKING SERVICES REQUIREMENTS

A. The selected contractor must provide a full array of banking services to interested
university students and employees, including demand deposit accounts, ATM debit
card services, credit card services, home banking via personal computers, remote
deposit capabilities with instant credit on deposits, and telephone self-service
transaction processing. The contractor must support direct deposit of University pay
for regular and student employees, as well as marketing and educational activities to
encourage individuals to take advantage of its offerings. Please confirm and describe
all services offered and marketing activities that would apply. Also describe any
educational programs that you would provide to students, including free financial
credit counseling.

B. Outline all fees and costs to customers opening and maintaining accounts, such as
check costs, minimum balances, services charges, ATM card use charges, and credit
interest rates. Provide the minimum balance required to open a checking account.
What is your institution?s current interest rate for savings account? Does your
institution give interest on checking account balances? If so, what is your current
rate?

C. Describe how accounts will be opened.

D. Describe any potential new services which may be offered in the future.

