29.

30.

31.

32.

Labels must be legible and prominently affixed to and displayed on the
product and the carton, container, or package so that employees can easily
identify the substance or mixture present therein.

b. Material Safety Data Sheet. The Contractor shall provide Material Safety
Data Sheets (MSDS) with the information required by the Act and the
regulations for each hazardous substance or hazardous mixture. The
Commonwealth must be provided an appropriate MSDS with the initial
shipment and with the first shipment after an MSDS is updated or product
changed. For any other chemical, the Contractor shall provide an appropriate
MSDS, if the manufacturer, importer, or supplier produces or possesses the
MSDS. The Contractor shall also notify the Commonwealth when a substance
or mixture is subject to the provisions of the Act. Material Safety Data Sheets
may be attached to the carton, container, or package mailed to the
Commonwealth at the time of shipment.

WARRANTY. The Contractor warrants that all services performed by the Contractor, its
agents and subcontractors shall be free and clear of any defects in workmanship or
materials. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, all services and parts are warranted
for a period of one year following completion of performance by the Contractor and
acceptance by the Commonwealth. The Contractor shall correct any problem with the
service and/or replace any defective part with a part of equivalent or superior quality
without any additional cost to the Commonwealth.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable federal and
state laws and regulations and local ordinances in the performance of the Contract.

INTEGRATION. The Contract, including all referenced documents, constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties. No agent, representative, employee or officer of either
the Commonwealth or the Contractor has the authority to make, or has made, any
statement, agreement or representation, oral or written, in connection with the
Contract, which in any way can be deemed to modify, add to or detract from, or
otherwise change or alter its terms and conditions. No negotiations between the parties,
nor any custom or usage, shall be permitted to modify or contradict any of the terms
and conditions of the Contract. No modifications, alterations, changes, or waiver to the
Contract or any of its terms shall be valid or binding unless accomplished by a written
amendment signed by both parties. All such amendments shall be made using the
appropriate Commonwealth form.

PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNITY. The Contractor warrants that it is
the sole owner or author of, or has entered into a suitable legal agreement concerning
either: a) the design of any product or process provided or used in the performance of
the Contract which is covered by a patent, copyright, or trademark registration or other
right duly authorized by state or federal law or b) any copyrighted matter in any report
document or other material provided to the commonwealth under the contract. The
Contractor shall defend any suit or proceeding brought against the Commonwealth on
account of any alleged patent, copyright or trademark infringement in the United States
of any of the products provided or used in the performance of the Contract. This is upon
condition that the Commonweaith shall provide prompt notification in writing of such
suit or proceeding; full right, authorization and opportunity to conduct the defense
thereof; and full information and all reasonable cooperation for the defense of same. As
principles of governmental or public law are involved, the Commonwealth may
participate in or choose to conduct, in its sole discretion, the defense of any such

Page 18 of 24
