($500/day). Applicants that do not have a credit history are approved for ATM service, but cards may
initially be issued with lower withdrawal limits ($300/day). New card accounts are evaluated after one
year and card limits are raised to the standard limit if the account is in good standing. Applicants that
have questionable credit history may be granted ATM service, but card withdrawal limits are typically

set at lower limits.

Applicants can apply for a PSECU Visa? debit card at our Financial Education Center or through our
website. A member must be at least 12-years old to be eligible for our debit card. For security reasons,
our debit cards are mailed in plain, white window envelopes to the address of record - with no
indication it is from PSECU. Members need to activate the cards from their telephone of record on the
account after the cards arrive in the mail. There is a sticker provided on the card with the phone

number to call for activation.

Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 during PSECU's hours of operation to terminate the use of
their card, to report a card lost or stolen or to have a new card issued. After business hours, the
member can call 800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen cards can be reported by anyone
(i.e. non-cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member will need to speak to PSECU to have a new card

issued.

Members who desire to close their account need to complete and sign an Authorization to Close
Account Form, available online or at our campus Centers. The member is responsible to ensure that all
checks have cleared, payroll, if applicable, has stopped and all loans are brought to a $0.00 balance.
Members could disburse any remaining account funds by check to their account address or deposit to

another PSECU Account.

Costs/fees associated with the banking accounts

PSECU believes a member should not have to Pay to use their account. Therefore, members appreciate
our low- or no-fee philosophy. University students, faculty and staff would incur little or no costs
related to the products and services associated with their PSECU account.

As part of our relationship with California, PSECU will deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1 (Regular
Savings) balance requirement for membership into each new California member account.

Visa? ATM/Debit Card Costs to the Consumer
e No Point-Of-Sale (POS) transaction fees
? No account maintenance fees/No card issuance or replacement fees
? No minimum balance requirements/fees

Checking Account Costs to the Consumer
e No monthly usage fees
e No minimum balance required
e Free PSECU basic-style checks

Please refer to PSECU?s Cost Proposal for our current fee schedule.

Deposit Information
Student and employee members may deposit funds using one of the following methods:

ATM Depository Machines:
Regardless of the ATM used, PSECU members have immediate availability of deposited amounts. (See

our Funds Availability Policy, page 35.)
Mobile Deposit:

Deposits are made by taking a picture of a check on the member?s mobile device and depositing it into
their account. Members may make deposits up to $10,000 through our mobile channel.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | 20 |
