16.

17.

18.

mail, certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in the case of
overnight courier services, one business day after delivery to the overnight courier
service with payment provided for, or in the case of facsimile, upon written
confirmation of receipt from the receiving party. Either party may from time-to-time
change its address as set forth below by notifying the other party of its new address in
writing.

Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section
without the prior written consent of SUSSI; provided, however, that nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to prevent Credit Union, without SUSSI?s consent, from
assigning any of Credit Union rights under this Agreement to any wholly owned
subsidiary of Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any merger or consolidation of
Credit Union or any wholly owned subsidiary. SUSSI shall not assign this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Credit Union under this Agreement, such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld.

Confidential member information

SUSSI agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that Credit Union is a highly regulated
financial institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations
and its member records, specifically any ?Confidential Member Information?.
Confidential Member Information shall specifically include all non-public member data,
account or personal information, such as account numbers, access codes, account
ownership and names of account owners, account owner email addresses, demographic
information, and financial transactions conducted within those accounts. SUSSI will not
sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Member Information
which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business with Credit Union or
otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from Credit Union following notice
given to Credit Union by SUSSI specifying exactly what information is to be shared and
with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested.
Any Confidential Member Information received by SUSSI, or any Credit Union-approved
recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Member Information as herein stated shall
survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, SUSSI agrees and
promises to destroy any Confidential Member Information that it has received or
obtained from Credit Union, including any copies, immediately upon receiving written
notice from Credit Union to destroy such Information, including any medium upon
which or within which that Information resides. SUSS! agrees to destroy all Confidential
Member Information that it has received or obtained from Credit Union, and any copies
made, not later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and SUSSI also agrees
to provide Credit Union with written assurance of such destruction upon the written
request of Credit Union. Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any
paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or
DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups so that
no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Inspection of Records
SUSSI shall make available, at no added expense to itself, all accounting, operational

Page 9 of 22
