Attachment D

PSECU acknowledges receipt and compliance of the
following Policy from SUSSI

SHIPPENSBURG UNIVERSITY STUDENT SERVICES, INC.

Anti-Discrimination Policy

Purpose
To create an environment free of discrimination.

Scope

Applies to all employees of Shippensburg University Student Services, Inc. (SUSSI),
students, and individuals who have a contractual relationship with SUSSI, including,
but not limited to vendors and contractors.

Objective
SUSSI is committed to creating an environment free of discrimination for all of its
employees, students, and those having a contractual relationship with SUSSI.

Definitions

Unlawful Discrimination: An adverse employment action or decision that is based
on or motivated by an individual's race, color, religion, gender, national origin,
disability, age, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity in
matters of employment. An adverse action or decision that is based upon an
individual's sexual orientation or gender identity may be considered sex
discrimination in certain circumstances.

Complainant: The person who is alleging the occurrence of discrimination.

Respondent: The person whose actions are alleged to have violated the Anti-
Discrimination policy.

Policy

SUSSI is committed to creating an environment free of discrimination for all of its
employees, students, and those having a contractual relationship with SUSSI. SUSSI
is committed to ensuring equal opportunity and access to employment and contract
opportunities for all employees, students and those having a contractual relationship
with SUSSI. SUSSI will make every effort to provide these opportunities regardless
of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran
status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. In addition, this Policy applies to all
applicants for employment, all participants in SUSSI-sponsored activities, and those
seeking a contractual relationship with SUSSI.

Page 17 of 22
