excludes actions related to security or emergency situations that would require the
university or college to relocate the ATM. Prompt notification must be provided to the
Credit Union and due care must be taken by the university or college to protect the
ATM and related equipment. The minimum number of ATMs will be 1 (one) with the

maximum being 2 (two).

6. Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus Obligations

a) Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees that Credit Union
retains the sole right to control the management of the Financial Educational
Center provided, however, that under no circumstance shall Credit Union, its
employees or representatives, tamper with or have any access (other than
commercial use) to any other Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg
Campus equipment or facilities without prior written consent from Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus.

b) Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus shall provide all utilities
except for telephone and data communications. Janitorial services to include
vacuuming and trash removal will be provided during operating hours by Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus.

c) Credit Union, its employees and agents and independent contractors shall have
access to each Financial Educational Center at all times for installing, maintaining,
servicing and operations and removing equipment of the Financial Educational
Center. In doing so, Credit Union shall not interfere with the normal operations of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus business.

d) Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus shall have no responsibility
for the security of any Financial Educational Center, other than to act in accordance
with its customary practices and procedures with respect to the Financial
Educational Center and its property contained therein, and shall not be responsible
for the operation of any Financial Educational Center. However, Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees to contact Credit Union if security is
breached in the center during hours when Financial Educational Center is not open.
Credit Union will provide a list of contact names & telephone numbers for this

purpose.

e) Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus may permit reasonable
signage relating to the Financial Educational Center. Exact placement of signage
shall be mutually agreed upon by Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg
Campus and Credit Union. All signage shall be provided and installed at Credit

Union expense.

f) After installation of a Financial Educational Center, Harrisburg Area Community
College, Harrisburg Campus shall take no action to cause it to fail to comply with
any applicable federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule and regulation, including,
without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act.

Page 4 of 17
