of subrogation against the other party hereto with respect to the insured damage,
destruction, bodily injury, death or property damage, except as to any self-
insured or uninsured deductible amount, and (2) that the waiver by the insurer
of its right of subrogation shall not affect the right of the insured to recover under
any insurance policies; provided, however that if such waiver is not available or is only
available at an additional premium, the insured party shall give notice to the other
party and, in the case of the latter, the other party shall be given the opportunity to
pay the additional premium and obtain the benefit of the waiver.

9, Insurance

Credit Union shall maintain insurance on the Financial Education Center, including, without
limitation, bodily injury, property damage, personal injury, and advertising injury, in an
amount no less than One million dollars ($1,000,000.00) per occurrence.

10, Personal Property

The contents of each Financial Education Center shall remain the property of Credit Union
at all times and shall not be construed as fixtures.

=
=

. Regulatory Approval

The Credit Union's obligation under this Agreement is contingent upon and expressly
subject to the receipt by the Credit Union, in form and substance satisfactory to Credit
Union, of any required approval by any regulatory authority over the Credit Union, its
subsidiaries, or their operations. Credit Union agrees to make related applications upon

execution of this Agreement.

12. No Joint Venture: The Foundation not a Bank

The parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement is intended or ;
shall be construed to establish The Foundation and Credit Union as joint ventures or
partners. In addition, the parties acknowledge and agree that The Foundation, by entering
into this Agreement, is not in any manner representing itself to be a bank or otherwise
involved in the banking business.

13. Credit Union Bankruptcy

In the event Credit Union is closed or taken over by any bank authority, The Foundation
may terminate the Agreement only with the concurrence of such bank regulatory authority,
except for default on part of the Credit Union or a successor, and any such regulatory
authority shall in any event, except for such default, have the election either to continue,
to assign, or to terminate the Agreement; provided, however, that in the event this
Agreement is terminated, the maximum claim of The Foundation for damages or indemnity
for injury resulting from the rejection or abandonment of the unexpired term of the
Agreement shall in no event be in an amount exceeding the rent paid or due for the 30 days
preceding The Foundation's request to terminate this Agreement.

Page 6 of 16
PSECU - Confidential
