Contractor acknowledges that the Commonwealth may, in its sole discretion,
terminate the contract for cause if it learns that any of the certifications made
herein are currently false due to intervening factual circumstances or were false or
should have been known to be false when entering into the contract.

Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the Lobbying Disclosure Act
(65 Pa.C.S. ?13A01 et seq.) regardless of the method of award. If this contract
was awarded on a Non-bid Basis, Contractor must also comply with the
requirements of the Section 1641 of the Pennsylvania Election Code (25 P.S.
?3260a). :

. When Contractor has reason to believe that any breach of ethical standards as set

forth in law, the Governor?s Code of Conduct, or these Contractor Integrity
Provisions has occurred or may occur, including but not limited to contact by a
Commonwealth officer or employee which, if acted upon, would violate such ethical
standards, Contractor shall immediately notify the Commonwealth contracting
officer or the Office of the State Inspector General in writing.

. Contractor, by submission of its bid or proposal and/or execution of this contract

and by the submission of any bills, invoices or requests for payment pursuant
to the contract, certifies and represents that it has not violated any of these
Contractor Integrity Provisions in connection with the submission of the bid or
proposal, during any contract negotiations or during the term of the contract, to
include any extensions thereof. Contractor shall immediately notify the
Commonwealth in writing of any actions for occurrences that would result in a
violation of these Contractor Integrity Provisions. Contractor agrees to reimburse
the Commonwealth for the reasonable costs of investigation incurred by the Office
of the State Inspector General for investigations of the Contractor?s compliance
with the terms of this or any other agreement between the Contractor and the
Commonwealth that results:in the suspension or debarment of the Contractor.
Contractor shall not be responsible for investigative costs for investigations that do
not result in the Contractor?s suspension or debarment.

i. Contractor shall cooperate with the Office of the State Inspector General in its

investigation of any alleged Commonwealth agency or employee breach of
ethical standards and any alleged Contractor non-compliance with these Contractor
Integrity Provisions. Contractor agrees to make identified Contractor employees
available for interviews at reasonable times and places.

Contractor, upon the inquiry or request of an Inspector General, shall provide, or
if appropriate, make promptly available for inspection or copying, any information
of any type or form deemed relevant by the office of the State Inspector General
to Contractor's integrity and compliance with these provisions. Such information
may include, but shall not be limited to, Contractor's business or financial records,
documents or files of any type or form that refer to or concern this contract.
Contractor shall incorporate this paragraph in any agreement, contract or
subcontract it enters into in the course of the performance of this
contract/agreement solely for the purpose of obtaining subcontractor compliance
with this provision.

The incorporation of this provision in a subcontract shall not create privity of
contract between the Commonwealth and any such subcontractor, and no third
party beneficiaries shall be created thereby.

Page 10 of 22
