Office, such partially completed work, including, where applicable, reports,
working papers, and other documentation, as the Contractor has specifically
produced or specifically acquired for the performance of such part of the
Contract as has been terminated. Except as provided below, payment for
completed work accepted by the Commonwealth shall be at the Contract
price. Except as provided below, payment for partially completed work
including, where applicable, reports and working papers, delivered to and
accepted by the Commonwealth shall be in an amount agreed upon by the
Contractor and Contracting Officer. The Commonwealth may withhold from
amounts otherwise due to the Contractor for such completed or partially
completed works, such sums as the Contractor Officer determines to be
necessary to protect the Commonwealth against loss.

The rights and remedies of the Commonwealth provided in this paragraph
shall not be exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies
provided by law or under this Contract.

The Commonwealth?s failure to exercise any rights or remedies provided in
this paragraph shall not be construed to be a waiver by the Commonwealth of
its rights and remedies in regard to the event of default or any succeeding
event of default.

Following exhaustion of the Contractor?s administrative remedies as set forth
in Paragraph 21, the Contractor?s exclusive remedy shall be to seek damages
in the Board of Claims.

20. HOLD HARMLESS PROVISION. The Contractor shall hold the Commonwealth harmless
from and indemnify the Commonwealth against any and all claims, demands and actions
based upon or arising out of any activities performed by the Contractor and its
employees and agents under this Contract and shall, at the request of the
Commonwealth, defend any and all actions brought against the Commonwealth based
upon any such claims or demands.

21. CONTRACT CONTROVERSIES,

Page 15 of 24

a.

b.

In the event of a controversy or claim arising from the Contract, the
Contractor must, within six months after the cause of action accrues, file a
written notice of controversy or claim with the Contracting Officer for a
determination. The claim shall state all grounds upon which the Contractor
asserts a controversy exists. If the Contractor fails to file a claim or files an
untimely claim, the Contractor is deemed to have waived its right to assert a
claim in any forum.

The contracting officer shall review timely filed claims and issue a final
determination, in writing, regarding the claim. The final determination shall
be issued within 120 days of the receipt of the claim, unless extended by
consent of the Contracting Officer and the Contractor. The Contracting
Officer shall send his/her written determination to the Contractor. If the
Contracting Officer fails to issue a final determination within the 120 days
(unless extended by consent of the Parties), the claim shall be deemed
denied. The contracting officer?s determination shall be the final order of the
Purchasing Agency. .
