and business records, which are in SUSSI?s possession or under its control and which are
necessary to verify the basis for all charges billed to Credit Union hereunder, available
for Credit Union?s examination upon at teast five (5) business days prior written notice.
Inspection shall be during SUSSI?s regular business hours, and records shall be made
available for the term of the Agreement up to a period of three (3) years after its
completion or termination. Any SUSS! subcontracts directly related to this Agreement
shall contain a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit Union the above rights.

19. Mutual notice of security breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, SUSS! and the

Credit Union agree to fully disclose any breach in their security resulting in or from any
unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that
may pertain to any information of Credit Union its members or Shippensburg University
students or employees and employees of SUSSI. SUSS] agrees to report the date, time,
and manner of any such breach, the effect of the breach on Credit Union, and any
specific corrective action SUSSI will be taking in response to the intrusion, loss or theft
directly to the Credit Union within 24 hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft
of information or information storage. The Credit Union agrees to report the date,
time, and manner of any such breach, the effect of the breach on Sussi or the
University, and any specific corrective action the Credit Union will be taking in
response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to SUSS! and /or the University within 24
hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or information storage.

20. Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be

deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitutes one and the same
instrument.

21. Entire Agreement
This Agreement, together with all Attachments attached hereto, contains the entire
agreement between parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior arrangements, agreements or understandings with respect thereto. Section
headings contained in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties, and are
without meaning.

22. Changes

The terms and provisions of this Agreement may not be modified or amended except as
agreed in writing by the parties.

23. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The parties mutually consent and submit to the
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts for Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, and
agree that any action, suit or proceeding concerning this Agreement shall be brought
only in the federal or state courts for Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The parties
mutually acknowledge and agree that they will not raise, in connection with any such

Page 10 of 22
