Attachment A

Susquehanna University Financial Education Center of PSECU

Location, Dates and Hours of Operation

The Financial Education Center will be located on campus in a location mutually
acceptable to both parties. Dates and hours of operation will be determined on an as
needed basis.

Purpose of Financial Education Center

Teach Susquehanna University students, faculty and staff about Credit Union services;
promote credit union membership by one-on-one interactions at the Financial
Education Center and telephone contacts; demonstrate how to use automated delivery
systems located in the Financial Educational Center; Offer Students, Faculty and Staff
a comprehensive financial literacy program that can be used to promote responsible
monetary decision making throughout their lives. Assist those on campus in the
application process for Credit Union membership or services.

Compensation by Credit Union

To Business Advisor and Financial Education Center Student Interns:

Salary paid per hour (taxes withheld, no pension or benefits provided by Credit Union)
plus account and/or services incentives (see Attachment B - Incentive Schedule for
details)

To Susquehanna University

o Per account and/or service incentive (See Attachment B - Incentive Schedule
for details).
o Rental income of: $400 per month for the term of this Agreement.

ATM Rent of $850 per year as specified in Attachment B.

o Scholarships: PSECU will donate $7,500 per year to the Universities general
scholarship fund for those students who are or become PSECU members as
specified in Attachment B.

o Miscellaneous Sponsorship: $3,000 per year as specific in Attachment B.

[e)

Expenses

Utilities - all but electric and janitorial services paid by Credit Union, electric and
janitorial service expenses paid by Susquehanna University

Insurance - Credit Union shall maintain insurance coverage typical of rented space and
employee bonding

Equipment, supplies, brochures, applications and literature provided and paid by
Credit Union

Construction of space and installation of furniture and equipment paid by Credit Union

$5 share purchase will be made on behalf of the member applicant. If the member
withdraws membership with the first year, $5 share will be retained by Credit Union

Page 13 of 15
