All Tickets to be paid for by Penn State Sports Properties

Penn State Football Aw: ame Trip:
? Three (3) seats on the Penn State Football Team Plane for one (1) away game each season of the agreement
? Trip includes three (3) game tickets and up to three (3) hotel rooms at visiting team hotel

Penn Stat etics Facility Use:
* ? Provider to provide space at 4 mutually agreed upon Penn State Athletics facility for up to two (2) events annually
? ? Limited facility use is included in the terms of this agreement; however, securing staffing, maintenance, food and
beverage, and set-up needs may add incremental costs. PSECU will be responsible for all incremental costs related to
these events.

Penn State Football Hotel Rooms:
? Two (2) guaranteed rooms for all regular season home football games and Blue White Weekend
e ? Each room has a two (2) night minimum (Friday and Saturday night)
? ? Location of hotel stay may vary by game, based upon availability but will remain in similar proximity of Beaver
Stadium
e ? Ifavailable, two (2) additional hotel rooms will be provided to PSECU for all home football weekends

Keystone Level Top Tier Corporate Partner Recognition:
* ?Thank You? PA Announcement with logo on videoboard in Beaver Stadium, Bryce Jordan Center, and Pegula Ice
Arena (FB, BB, HKY)
LED Signage recognition in Beaver Stadium, Bryce Jordan Center, and Pegula Ice Arena (FB, BB, HKY)
Logo recognition on the videoboard in Rec Hall (Olympic Sports)
Logo swipe on the Beaver Stadium, Bryce Jordan Center, and Pegula Ice Arena videoboard during replays (FB, BB,
HKY)
? Inclusion in a 30 second Corporate Partner ?Thank You? radio commercial to air during Football, Men?s and Women?s
Basketball, and Men?s Hockey game broadcasts
e Logo recognition in full-page, color print ad to run in gameday programs (FB, BB)
? ? Top tier recognition on Corporate Partner page of GoPSUsports.com
Provider reserves the right to alter the above Benefits in accordance with Section 3 Make-Good Benefits should the available
media/marketing assets change during the term of this Agreement

Extended Season: Investment includes twelve (12) Football TV show broadcasts, eight (8) Basketball TV show broadcasts,
twelve (12) regular season Football radio broadcasts, twenty-nine (29) regular season Men?s Basketball radio broadcasts, twenty-
nine (29) regular season Women?s Basketball radio broadcasts, and thirty-five (35) regular season Men?s Hockey radio
broadcasts. If Provider's network broadcasts additional games/shows (beyond 12 for the Football TV show, 8 for the Basketball
TV show, 12 for Football radio, 29 for Men?s Basketball radio, 29 for Women?s Basketball radio, and 35 for Men?s Hockey
radio), the sponsorship will continue for each game/broadcast at the following per game rate: $3,742 NET per Football TV show,
$3,742 NET per Basketball TV show, $7,360 NET for Football radio broadcast, $1,269 NET for Men?s Basketball radio
broadcast, $254 NET for Women?s Basketball radio broadcast, $210 NET for Men?s Hockey radio. Additional games will be
invoiced at the conclusion of each season. Extended season investment in subsequent years of the Agreement will increase in
alignment with overall partnership investment.

*All Bryce Jordan Center signage and displays are subject to each specific event taking place at the Bryce Jordan Center, as
determined by promoter.

**During the Term of this Agreement, due to certain University banking agreements currently in place, PSECU acknowledges
and agrees that it may not use any of Provider's promotional rights to promote any checking accounts, deposit accounts, or debit
cards (?Restricted Products?) anywhere on any University campus, including in or around any Athletic venues. In addition to the
foregoing, PSECU may not use any of Provider's promotional rights to expressly promote any Restricted Products without the
prior written consent of the University.

*#*During the term of this this Agreement, Certain performers, bands, or acts (?Acts?) may require that Penn State not activate
certain sponsorships at BIC during such Act?s performance and it shall not be a breach of this Agreement if Penn State Sports
Properties cannot activate such sponsorships. Additionally, some contractual rights do not extend to the following events at the
BIC: the Penn State IFC/Panhellenic Dance Marathon; Penn State Career Fair(s); the military appreciation event; and private
events.

i
