Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

Additional Revenue Opportunities for the University are as follows:
e PSECU will pay the University $0.15 for each member on-campus ATM
withdrawal transaction, and $0.65 for each non-member on-campus
ATM withdrawal transaction.
e Incentives will be payable for any of the following services set up within
one year of the member joining PSECU. Incentives are paid on a
monthly basis, the month after services are activated.

Bloomsburg
PSECU Service Incentive
New Student/Family Member $5.00
New Faculty/Staff Account $20.00
Real Estate Equity Loan }? $20.00 |
Auto Loan | $10.00
Check Card $5.00
Checking $5.00 |
?_ VISA? $5.00

as COMPENSATION/EXPENSES. The Contractor shall be required to perform
the specified services quoted in the Contract. The Contractor will not be compensated by the
University; rather the University shall receive revenue from the Contractor as specified above. All
services shall be performed within the time period(s) specified in the Contract. The Contractor
shall not be allowed or paid travel or per diem expenses except as specifically set forth in the
Contract.

6. INVOICES. Not applicable.
7. PAYMENT. All financial incentives must be made payable directly to the

University and mailed directly to Lori Schmidt, at the following address: Bloomsburg University
of Pennsylvania, 400 East Second Street, Elwell Hall, Bloomsburg, PA 17815.

a. The Commonwealth shall put forth reasonable efforts to make payment by
the required payment date. The required payment date is: (a) the date on which payment is due
under the terms of the Contract; (b) thirty (30) days after a proper invoice actually is received at
the ?Provide Service and Bill To? address if a date on which payment is due is not specified in
the Contract (a ?proper? invoice is not received until the Commonwealth accepts the service as
satisfactorily performed); or (c) the payment date specified on the invoice if later than the dates
established by (a) and (b) above. Payment may be delayed if the payment amount on an invoice is
not based upon the price(s) as stated in the Contract. If any payment is not made within fifteen
(15) days after the required payment date, the Commonwealth may pay interest as determined by
the Secretary of Budget in accordance with Act No. 266 of 1982 and regulations promulgated
pursuant thereto. Payment should not be construed by the Contractor as acceptance of the service
performed by the Contractor. The Commonwealth reserves the right to conduct further testing and

Page 5 of 24
