* Insert Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Education
Center in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

i) Susquehanna University will permit Credit Union to conduct membership drives for
students and for their families. Strategies used by Credit Union for membership drives
can include but are not limited to the following:

+ Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in exchange
for opening an account;

? Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership drive;

+ Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a monetary
reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

* Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA laws
and regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be delivered and
mail them through the Susquehanna University mail room.

All membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person designated by
Susquehanna University for approval prior to the Credit Union conducting such a drive.
Such requested approval shall not unreasonably be denied.

j) Access to students / parents

? Allow PSECU an active role as defined above in New Student Preview Days,
including the opportunity to present to students and parents during the event.

. Advertising

a) Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's logos,
trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party. Each
party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and service marks are
the sole property of the other party.

b) However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of

Susquehanna University, to include the address of any ATM in a directory of ATMs

and/or other banking facilities. Credit Union may refer to Susquehanna University in

any listing of groups eligible to join the Credit Union.

. Mutual Indemnification

a) Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold Susquehanna University harmless from
and against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorney?s fees and actual expenses) which
may be suffered, incurred or threatened against Susquehanna University on account of
or resulting from (1) this Agreement or any breach thereof by Credit Union; ( 2) the
existence or operation of any Financial Education Center; (3) any action or omission of
Credit Union, its employees or agents under this Agreement; or (4) any actual or

Page 5 of 15
