14.

16.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND MUAA, PSECU & MUAA agree to meet a minimum of annually and
not less than 90 days prior to the contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing
and outreach plan for the upcoming contract year. The marketing and outreach plan is intended to
focus on tactical ways to reach members of the MUAA for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts
agreed upon for the year will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products
and services to members of the MUAA. Materials both physical and electronic used to support the
marketing and outreach plan require mutual agreement of both parties. PSECU will compensate
MUAA for new memberships and products and services generated through these marketing and
outreach efforts that are qualified for PSECU membership through MUAA eligibility. Detail of the
compensation schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or inclusive
of: email on behalf of PSECU to the MUAA members or targeted portions of the MUAA, social media
posting or linking of PSECU material or commentary on social media, co-branding of printed material,
co-branded give away, inclusion of articles or marketing in e-newsletters, advertisement or links on
the MUAAs website, mailings sent to MUAA members, mailing lists provided by the MUAA, marketing
material at MUAA events, attendance at MUAA events, listing PSECU as an alumni benefit in printed
material, PSECU listed as event sponsor for major alumni events.

MUAA shall not deny PSECU reasonable marketing access to its members.

MUAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks), logos,
trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of each
respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may not be
copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website, framed, deep
tinked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior written permission of the

owner of such IP.

. INDEMNIFICATION. From and after the date of this Agreement, each party (the ?Indemnifying

Party?) shall indemnify, defend and hold the other party (the ?Indemnified Party?), all its
corporate parents, subsidiaries and Affiliates and all of its and their employees, subcontractors,
agents, officers, directors and shareholders harmless against: (a) any and all out-of-pocket
expenses or losses, liabilities, damages, costs or other direct expenses or claims or counterclaims
of third persons or entities directly related or attributable to (i) the Indemnifying Party's or its
agent's or employee's violation (or act causing the other party to be in violation) of any state or
federal taw or regulation, or such parties? willful misconduct; (ji) the Indemnifying Party's breach
of any covenant or warranty made by the Indemnifying Party in this Agreement; (iii) any
material misrepresentation of Indemnifying Party in this Agreement or any material
misrepresentation in or omission from any document, certificate or information furnished or to
be furnished by Indemnifying Party under this Agreement; and (iv) any products or services
offered, provided, manufactured, marketed, distributed, advertised, promoted or issued by or on
behalf of Indemnifying Party or based upon use of the Licensed marks or on behalf of Indemnifying
Party; (b) any losses due to any fraudulent activity on the part of any employee or agent of
Indemnifying Party; (c) any claims brought by any [Indemnified] Party's customer, employee or
third party based upon Indemnifying Party's failure to make any payment to such customer,
employee or other third party; and {d) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands,
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, and any reasonable attorney's fees, consultant's fees
or court costs incident to any of the foregoing, except for any loss due to the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the other party or its agents or employees. This section shall not limit the
liability of either party for damages for breach of this Agreement.

CONFIDENTIALITY. The MUAA and PSECU agree, acknowledge and recognize that MUAA has a
responsibility for confidentiality of its member?s data and PSECU is a highly regulated financial
institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any "Confidential Information?. Confidential Information shall specifically
include all non-public member data, account or personal information, such as account numbers,
access codes, account ownership and names of account owners, account owners email

PSECU/MUAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 5 of 10
