allows members to make deposits into an ATM, and the funds are available for withdrawal at
the same time. Please refer to page 35 for our Funds Availability Policy.

e Our free credit score service for eligible members allows members to view and monitor their
credit score for free within online banking and in our mobile app.

e For the past five years, PSECU has paid a Relationship Reward to continue the legacy of our
22 founding members who created PSECU as a financial cooperative. Their goal was to pool
their resources so everyone could benefit. Each member?s annual Relationship Reward was
calculated based on product and service usage, share dividends earned and interest paid.
Throughout the last 5 years, the total amount paid through the Relationship Reward is $52.5

million.

e PSECU offers members many ways to avoid paying ATM surcharges. We own numerous ATMs
throughout Pennsylvania and are continuously looking for additional locations. PSECU initiated
an alliance with many credit unions in Pennsylvania and Maryland to make ATMs available to
our membership without surcharge. Members will not be surcharged at an alliance ATM that
displays the ?CUS? logo. In addition, we are a part of Select-A-Branch, which offers surcharge-
free ATMs along the PA Turnpike and we participate in the CO-OP Network?, which allows
many ATMs to be surcharge-free for our members.

e PSECU offers members a monthly surcharge rebate and will reimburse our members up to
$8 per month in surcharges from withdrawals made at non-PSECU ATMs. For members with
recurring direct deposit of their payroll, retirement or Social Security funds, the rebate is up
to $20 per month.

e PSECU membership is a benefit to your faculty and staff - it is a free benefit offered at a
time when benefits are shrinking due to rising costs.

e Our Student Line of Credit product offers a line of credit just for students to help them make
it through a tough time when they need it most. It offers a budget-friendly, manageable
repayment schedule and affords the student an opportunity to build a solid credit history.

Financial Education Center Staffing and the Value of the PSECU On-Campus
Internship Program

Following full execution of our contract, PSECU will continue to employ a full time Community Manager,
a minimum of two (2) student assistant managers and a minimum of two (2) student interns.

Depending on operational needs, we often hire additional students to fill additional positions. The
current center is staffed by three (3) student assistant managers and three (3) student interns, all of
which will be retained based on their scheduling and educational needs.

Our student-staffed Financial Education Center would continue to support a location on the California
University campus where students, faculty and staff can go to for assistance with managing their
membership needs and receiving financial education support. In addition to this outreach, student staff
will continue to be afforded the opportunity of a unique internship with PSECU. Employment at the
PSECU on-campus Center offers an educational, hands-on experience and challenges interns with
marketing the products and services of an over $5 billion financial institution. The role includes
developing marketing strategies, educating members about our self-service model, presenting financial
literacy education and resolving member problems. All experiences gained during their time as interns
and assistant managers at PSECU are designed to enhance the student?s knowledge of working for a
sizable corporation and build skills needed to prepare them to enter the professional workforce.
Financial considerations for the student workers include a paid hourly rate that is well above minimum
wage, as well as earned incentives. Student worker schedules are designed to be flexible as we

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 a]
