Visa? networks

No card issuance or replacement fees

No account maintenance fees

No transaction fees

No balance inquiry fees

No Point-of-Sale (POS) transaction fees

No minimum balance requirements/fees

Withdrawals can be made immediately after any deposit, regardless of depository channel.

Some restrictions may apply, see our Funds Availability Policy, page 35

e Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to increase the amount withdrawn for
emergency purposes

e No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions (excludes surcharges
charged by those institutions)

? Surcharge-free ATM locator available online and through our mobile app

? Members can use virtually any ATM anywhere for free through our surcharge rebate program.
All members are rebated up to $8 per month. Members with recurring Direct Deposit (no
minimum required) are rebated up to $20 per month

In 2016, PSECU rebated over $5.2 million in AIM surcharges to our members. PSECU?s no toreign AIM
fee policy and liberal surcharge rebate program gives members the ultimate freedom and convenience
when it comes to using ATMs. In an average month, PSECU members use over 19,835 ATMs in

Pennsylvania.

Linking to the Campus ID Card: Once a member?s account is established, PSECU offers a simple
Process to link the Student ID Card to the account and select the card PIN. In addition, campus ID

cardholders will be able to perform the following ATM transactions based on their card parameters, as
follows:

? Deposits (checks, cash, traveler?s cheques, money orders) to savings and checking
Withdrawals from savings, checking
Transfers between savings, checking
Balance inquiries on savings and checking

Instant Cards: PSECU?s instant card service provides the ability to create a temporary ATM card at our
California financial center for students, faculty, and staff. This service is especially useful for new
members awaiting their VISA? ATM/Debit Card who need immediate access to funds in their new PSECU
account, or current students, faculty, and staff members on the California University campus who have
lost their VISA? ATM/Debit Card or have had their card stolen.

Online and Mobile Banking: Nearly 80% of our active members regularly use our online and mobile
banking channels as a primary channel for account access. Recognized as a technology leader in the
credit union industry, PSECU continually strives to improve and enhance our online and mobile
offerings to our members. As the mobile device rapidly becomes the branch of the future, PSECU is
well-positioned to stay on top of providing our members with the ability to manage their money from

virtually anywhere.

Our online banking offers many features for our members which include:
e Viewing account balances and transaction history
e Free Bill Payer service
?. Pay up to 80 bills per account
o Choose from thousands of merchants or request one to be added
? Charts and graphs of monthly activity help with budgeting
e Financial summary service to help you keep track of your spending habits
e Transferring funds
o Between one?s own accounts
o Into one?s own account from other financial institutions

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 pac
