? Certificates of Deposit
? Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)

Our vision is to use technology to provide financial services to members anytime,
anywhere. Our superior electronic delivery channels allow members the ability to
conduct their financial transactions at their convenience.

Because we are good stewards of our members? money, many of our members can avoid
paying fees by adopting good consumer behaviors. PSECU continues to provide a host of
low- or no-fee products and services to meet the growing needs of our members. We
strive to be the most affordable choice for consumers when it is time to select a financial
institution.

PSECU does not believe a member should pay to use their account. Therefore, members
appreciate our low- or no-fee philosophy. College students, faculty and staff would incur
little or no costs related to the products and services associated with their PSECU
account. As part of our relationship with CCP, PSECU would deposit the initial $5
minimum Share | (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership into
each new CCP member account.

Additional Features to Enhance Student/Employee Financial Services

PSECU continues to embrace new technologies and is committed to ongoing research of
the trends within the financial services industry. Our President, Greg Smith, participates
in a roundtable exclusively for large credit unions. Senior Management, as well as other
key staff, regularly attends various conferences and workshops that allow us to stay on
top of industry trends and the current technologies.

Europay MasterCard Visa (EMV) Technology

PSECU has completed testing and certification of an EMV chip and is scheduled to begin
the conversion of its credit card portfolio in late March 2015. The credit card portfolio
conversion process will run through 2016. Certification and testing of an EMV chip for
PSECU?s debit card portfolio will begin in the second quarter of 2015.

Mobile Payments

PSECU is also researching the use of handheld devices as a new payment channel. We
envision the use of handheld devices in a closed loop system as a means to gain
knowledge of consumer acceptance.

P2P

PSECU is currently working to implement a peer-to-peer payment system where a
member can pay another person by entering a dollar amount along with their email or cell
phone number. The payment recipient will be prompted through an email or Short
Message Service (SMS) message and taken through a process to pick-up the payment
from the member. We are scheduled for full member release in the first half of 2015.

Features
The Financial Institution should allow for deposits and withdrawals directly through
ATM facilities.

PSECU response:
PSECU ATMs perform transactions for PSECU members as well as other financial

26
