Agreement as to the Financial Education Centers specified in the Termination
Notice and specifying the effective date of such termination ("Closing Date?).

2) Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Education Centers
until the Closing Date.

3) Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Education Center shall be
effective on the date that the Terminated Financial Education Center is closed by
Credit Union, and Credit Union shall operate the Terminated Financial Education
Center until the date of such closure. Credit Union shall not be obligated nor have
the right to operate such Financial Education Center after the Closing Date. Until
the Closing Date of the Terminated Financial Education Center, all terms of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such Terminated
Financial Education Centers.

4. Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation

a) Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the end of each month for
the preceding month, the following rent ("Rent") so long as this Agreement is in full
force and affect:

e Financial Education Center Rent $400.00 per month/$4,800 per year

e Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per annum
for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.

b) All employees described in Attachments A and B shall be employees of the Credit
Union and shall not be employees of Susquehanna University.

c) Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachments A and
B. Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be
provided to Susquehanna University.

d) The terms of Attachments A and B will be reviewed on an annual basis. Susquehanna
University and Credit Union will mutually agree to any revisions made therein. In the
absence of a mutual agreement, the terms remain as stated in the initial contract.

d) Credit Union further agrees to payment of Financial Education Center expenses, other
than employee, custodial and electrical expenses as specified on Attachment A.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a) Credit Union shall continue to operate the Financial Education Center(s) listed on
Attachment A and shall maintain each Financial Education Center in accordance with
its best practices and procedures. Contractors shall maintain the following policies of
insurance: (i) commercial general liability insurance of not less than $1,000,000 per
occurrence and aggregate limits of not less than $3,000,000, naming Susquehanna
University as an additional insured; (ii) workers? compensation insurance as required by
law and employer's liability insurance with minimum limits of $1,000,000. Credit

Page 2 of 15
