1) Elizabethtown College is a non-profit organization, existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Elizabethtown College is
authorized to conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all
licenses and permits required to conduct business. Elizabethtown College is in
compliance with all legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon institutions of
higher education in Pennsylvania.

2) Elizabethtown College and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of
Elizabethtown College have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement shall
constitute a valid and binding obligation of Elizabethtown College. Whereas,
Elizabethtown College agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Credit Union from any and
all actions taken by any employee of the college, which are directly related to
performing under this Agreement.

3) Elizabethtown College is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document
constitute a violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation to any
federal, state or other governmental agency which would materially and adversely affect
the financial condition or operations of Elizabethtown College or adversely affect its
ability to perform under this Agreement.

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened against
Elizabethtown College which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the
terms of this Agreement.

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from Elizabethtown College to
Credit Union will, to the knowledge of Elizabethtown College, contain any misstatement
of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of Elizabethtown
College under this Agreement.

6) Elizabethtown College will advise Credit Union if there are any changes in these
representations during the term of this Agreement.

. Credit Union represents and warrants to Elizabethtown College that, as of the date of
this Agreement:

1) Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to conduct its business
in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses and permits required to
conduct business. The Credit Union is in compliance with all legislative and regulatory
requirements imposed upon credit unions in Pennsylvania.

2) Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit Union,
have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement shall constitute a valid and
binding obligation of Credit Union.

3) Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document constitute a
violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation of any federal, state or
other governmental agency which would materially and adversely affect the financial
condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely affect its ability to perform under
this Agreement.

Page 7 of 15
