PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHF-BB-3
REV: JULY 2017

? The University's failure to exercise any rights or remedies provided in this section shall not
be construed to be a waiver by the University of its rights and remedies in regard to the event of default
or any succeeding event of default.

f. Following exhaustion of the Contractor's administrative remedies as set forth in the section
entitled CONTRACT CONTROVERSIES of this Contract, the Contractor's exclusive remedy shall be to
seek damages in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Board of Claims.

23. ? TERMINATION. The University has the right to terminate this Contract (including any Purchase
Order issued under this Contract) for any of the following reasons. Termination shall be effective upon
written notice to the Contractor.

a. TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE: The University shall have the right to terminate
this Contract for its convenience without penalty or recourse if the University determines termination to
be in its best interest. Upon receipt of the written notice, the Contractor shall immediately stop all work
as directed in the notice, notify all subcontractors of the effective date of the termination and minimize all
further costs to the University. The Contractor shall be paid for work satisfactorily completed prior to the
effective date of the termination and this shall be the Contractor?s sole remedy against the University in
the event of termination under this provision. In no event shall the Contractor be entitled to recover loss
of profits, loss of use of money, or administrative or overhead costs.

b. NON-APPROPRIATION: The University?s obligation to make payments during any
University fiscal year succeeding the current fiscal year shall be subject to availability and appropriation
of funds by a granting agency, the Commonwealth or a governing body. When funds are not appropriated
or otherwise made available to support continued performance in a subsequent fiscal year period, the
University shall have the right to terminate this Contract. The Contractor shall be paid for work
satisfactorily completed prior to the notice of non-appropriation. The Contractor may be reimbursed for
the reasonable value of any nonrecurring costs incurred but not amortized in the price of the supplies or
services delivered under this Contract. Such reimbursement shall not include loss of profit, loss of use of
money, or administrative or overhead costs. The reimbursement amount may be paid for any
appropriations made available for that purpose.

C. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE: The University shall have the right to terminate this
Contract for Contractor default under the section entitled DEFAULT, upon written notice to the
Contractor. The University shall also have the right, upon written notice to the Contractor, to terminate
this Contract for other cause as specified in the Contract or by law. If it is later determined that the
University erred in terminating this Contract for cause, then, at the University?s discretion, this Contract
shall be deemed to have been terminated for convenience under subparagraph a. above.

d. TERMINATION BY CONTRACTOR: Contractor may terminate this Contract at any time
for any or no reason. Contractor shall send not less than six months written notification (?Termination
Notice?) to the University indicating the intent to terminate the Contract.

24. CONTRACT CONTROVERSIES.

a. In the event of a controversy or claim arising from this Contract, the Contractor must,
within six (6) months after the cause of action occurs, file a written claim with the Contracting Officer for
a determination, stating all grounds upon which the Contractor asserts a controversy or claim. The written
claim shall state all grounds upon which the Contractor asserts a controversy exists. If the Contractor fails
to file a claim or files an untimely claim, the Contractor is deemed to have waived its right to assert a
claim in any forum. At the time the claim is filed, or within sixty (60) days thereafter, either party may

Page 17 of 32
