e Call PSECU Card Services Call Centers Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. or

Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
e Visit the PSECU Financial Education Center for assistance if needed

A member would call 1.866.985.CARD and follow the instructions to select their card
PIN. The member will need:

? To call from the phone number selected when the Student ID Card was linked to the
PSECU account
Their campus ID card number
Last 4 digits of their Social Security Number (Foreign students will be instructed to use
the last 4 digits of their PSECU account number.)

Once the account is established, the card would be available for account access immediately after card
linking and PIN selection.

PSECU provides the following toll-free phone number to report lost or stolen campus ID cards -
800.799.4337. PSECU will deactivate the campus ID card in the same manner that we do for standard
debit and credit cards. Cardholders will contact both the California University card office and the
PSECU Card Services Call Center (available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via phone or email) to
terminate ATM services on their campus ID card or to report a lost or stolen card. If a member prefers
to notify PSECU of a lost or stolen card using the web, they would use the secure email system within
online banking or mobile banking. ATM services on the card would then be terminated.

As long as the campus ID card remains active, cardholders may continue to use the card. PSECU
monitors campus card ATM activity as a matter of standard practice and deactivates cards after two
years of inactivity. This action is taken to protect the member against fraudulent use. Cardholders are
notified in writing that their card has been deactivated and are encouraged to contact the Card
Services Call Center to obtain a PSECU Visa? debit card.

Account Information Requirements

Terms and conditions for the issuance and termination of membership with PSECU
Students, faculty and staff are able to open their PSECU account prior to arriving on campus through
our online application located at psecu.com. This online application (as well as our Paper application)
allows the applicant to choose checking and ATM/debit card service in one convenient application. The
online application typically takes less than 15 minutes to complete and includes an option for
eSignature. Therefore, the vast majority of applicants are members in a short period of time. In
addition, as part of our relationship with California, PSECU deposits the initial $5 into each new
California-related member account at account opening so new members do not need any funds to get

their account opened.

In addition, we provide a paper application, depending on the potential members? choice, at our on-
campus location. Paper applications can also be obtained through contacting our Call Centers.

Because PSECU strongly believes in providing university students with the best possible financial
services alternative, we priority-process our university applications.

Many applicants are able to join PSECU and add PSECU account access to their campus ID card to use
their PSECU account immediately.

New PSECU applicants consent to a credit check at the time of application for membership. PSECU
approves service levels based on an applicant?s credit history. After examining a member?s account
history and other factors, debit card limits are established and communicated to the member. A
favorable credit history is required to qualify an applicant for standard ATM service withdrawal limits

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | 19 |
