member?s account and are issued with daily limits for both ATM withdrawals and
Point-of-Sale purchases. They are active for 30 days and allow the member access to
their account while they wait for their permanent cards to arrive.

Where and how can deposits be made to the account?

PSECU response:
PSECU offers a variety of convenient ways to make deposits into members?
accounts.

? ATM Deposits - Members may deposit checks and/or cash directly into an ATM.

? Mobile Deposits - Eligible members may use the Mobile Deposit feature that
allows them to take a picture of a check on their mobile device and deposit it into
their PSECU account. Members need to request the service and to register their
account for eligibility.

? Direct Deposit - An electronic deposit into a member?s account. These deposits
can be from a variety of sources including: regular net paycheck, bonuses, stock
dividends, tax refund, retirement annuity, travel expense reimbursement, and
transfers from another financial institution, etc.

? Member-to-Member Transfers - Funds may be transferred from a member?s
account to a different account using our online banking, self-service telephone or
by calling our Call Center.

? Account-to-Account Transfers - Funds may be transferred into a member?s
account from another financial institution through our online banking.

? Mail - The member may mail payments and deposits to PSECU.

? Wire Transfer - The member can electronically transfer funds to PSECU from
another financial institution.

* UPost@ Home"- Members may deposit up to $1,500 into their checking account
through online banking by entering required information during each deposit
session. Contents of each online deposit session must be mailed no later than one
day after the completion of the deposit session and received within the 10-day
grace period in order to avoid negative account balances and continue using the
service.

What is the time line for deposits to be credited to the account?

PSECU response:

Our policy is to make funds from our members? deposits available on the business
day that we receive the deposit. Regardless of the deposit method, PSECU members
have immediate availability of deposited amounts up to $1,000 for accounts opened
within 30 days, and for deposited amounts up to $10,000 for other accounts in good
standing.

38
