hereto and made a part hereof as Exhibits "A" (the RFP) and ?B? (the Proposal), inclusive of the
revised Cost Proposal approved on 4-22-15 , subject in all respects to the specific provisions
hereof. All terms and conditions of Exhibits A and B (together ?the Exhibits?) shall remain in
effect, as applicable, so long as this Agreement is in effect. In the event the terms of the RFP
and the Proposal are in conflict which each other, and are not clarified within this document,
then the terms of the RFP will control. In the event of any conflict in the terms and conditions
of the RFP and the Proposal, or either of them, and this Agreement, then the terms of this
Agreement shall control.

3. Contractor specifically acknowledges:

a.) The Parties? right to terminate this Agreement for any reason which the
terminating party deems appropriate; and in the event of any such termination,
the terminated party shall have no claim against the other party for damages,
compensation, or anything else, for any reason whatsoever, other than payment
of amounts due as specifically provided in this Agreement up to the effective day
of termination, but not hereafter. In the event of any such termination, the
terminating party shall give written notice and the effective date of termination
shall be not less than thirty (30) days from the date of such notice.

b) That it shall at all times hereafter, on a confidential basis, keep such
books, records, and reports as are reasonably required by College and shall, from
time to time as requested by College, make available to College, in such manner
and form as College shall reasonably request, all Contractor?s books, records,
reports, and information pertaining to the contractor's operation under this
Agreement excluding any confidential member information.

c:) That upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Contractor shall
immediately turn over to College all books, records, reports, and information
pertaining to Contractor's operation under this Agreement excluding confidential
member information; they are and shall remain the property of the College;
provided, however, that such records shall be made available to Contractor for
purposes of audit, alleged tax liability pertaining to these operations, and other
similar legitimate business needs.

4. College shall provide the location (the ?Space?) to Contractor, for the Initial Term of
Agreement and any Renewal Term, in order for Contractor to provide the Services specified in
the Exhibits. This Space shall consist of an area of real property located on the Main Campus of
The College; in the Bonnell Building, and shall measure 350 square feet, with dimensions of
25?3? Length by 13? 107/*? Width, which shall be provided for the proposed installation and
operation of Contractor?s Financial Education Center (the ?Center?). College and Contractor
shall enter into a separate contract for the provision of ATMs by Contractor. College agrees and
acknowledges that it will lease this Space to Contractor, and that the Rent for this Space shall
be charged at a rate of Twenty-two dollars and 50 cents ($22.50) per square foot, per month,
for the Center for years 1-3 with a 5% escalation in both year 4 and year 5 of the Initial Term
and 5% escalation in each renewal Term. The Parties agree that the Rent amount stated above
shall include all utilities, specifically electricity, and that Contractor shall not be separately
invoiced for any utilities charges. The Parties agree that Contractor shall be responsible for the
appropriate and necessary cleaning of the Center, and that College shall not provide any such
cleaning.

Page 2

