4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened against
Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the terms of this
Agreement.

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to
Elizabethtown College will, to the knowledge of Credit Union, contain any misstatement
of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of Credit Union
under this Agreement.

6) Credit Union will advise Elizabethtown College if there are any changes in these
representations during the term of this Agreement.

15. Notices

All notices, consents, requests and demands to or upon the parties which are required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been given or made when
delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the United States mail, certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in the case of overnight courier services, one
business day after delivery to the overnight courier service with payment provided for, or in the
case of facsimile, upon written confirmation of receipt from the receiving party. Either party
may from time-to-time change its address as set forth below by notifying the other party of its
new address in writing.

16. Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section without the
prior written consent of Elizabethtown College; provided, however, that nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to prevent Credit Union, without Elizabethtown College?s consent,
from assigning any of Credit Union rights under this Agreement to any wholly owned subsidiary of
Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any merger or consolidation of Credit Union or any wholly
owned subsidiary. Elizabethtown College shall not assign this Agreement without the prior
written consent of Credit Union under this Agreement, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld.

17. Confidential member information

Elizabethtown College agrees, acknowledges, and recognizes that Credit Union is a highly
regulated financial institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations
and its member records, specifically any ?Confidential Member Information". Confidential
Member Information shall specifically include all non-public member data, account or personal
information, such as account numbers, access codes, account ownership and names of account
owners, account owner email addresses, demographic information, and financial transactions
conducted within those accounts. Elizabethtown College will not sell, transfer or share with any
third parties any Confidential Member Information which it receives during the ordinary course
of conducting business with Credit Union or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent
from Credit Union following notice given to Credit Union by Elizabethtown College specifying
exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and the reason
permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Member Information received by
Elizabethtown College, or any Credit Union-approved recipients, may be used only as is
necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Member
Information as herein stated shall survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement.

Page 8 of 15
