privileges, or conditions of employment on the basis of race, color, sex, religion,
national origin or ancestry, constitutes a substantial breach of this Agreement
entitling the College to all rights and remedies provided in this Agreement or
otherwise available in law or equity.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

J. Financial Institution Qualifications:

1.

Responding firms must demonstrate broad capabilities and extensive knowledge in
noted areas. Responding firms must provide a Statement of Qualifications
including, but not limited to, the following information:

a) Proof of license to do business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

b) Similar operation at another College/University.

c) Demonstrated ability offering Banking Services - both branch
operations and online.

d) FDIC, NCUSIF or equivalent insured.

PSECU response:
Please refer to Section XVI Candidates Qualification Statement for these
documents.

K. Financial Institution Reference:

1.

2.

References must be for contracts similar in nature as to the service requested
under this proposal.
Financial Institution is required to submit a client list, which must include:
a) Name of Contact
b) Title of the contact person
c) College/University Name
d) Phone Number
e) Email Address
f) Contracted Term
g) Years of Service
h) Size of the College/University

PSECU response:
Please refer to Attachment 3 for a complete client list and Attachment 4 for a map of
our current campus partnerships.

II. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PROPOSAL

A. Proposal Format:

1.

Proposals shall be submitted on the Proposal Form attached. Proposals shall
acknowledge the Proposal Requirements, instructions, terms and conditions, and
specifications sections of this RFP and state that all these documents are part of their
Proposal. No Proposal shall be considered if received after the date and time
specified in the REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. A Proposal, which is incomplete,
obscure, conditional, contains additions not called for, or has irregularities or any
kind, including alterations or erasures, may be rejected as non-responsive.
