(g) The Commonwealth may cancel or terminate the Contract, and all money due or to
become due under the Contract may be forfeited for a violation of the terms and
conditions of this Nondiscrimination/Sexual Harassment Clause. In addition, the agency
may proceed with debarment or suspension and may place the Contractor in the
Contractor Responsibility File.

18. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its performance of
any obligation under this Contract is prevented or delayed by causes beyond its control and
without the fault or negligence of either party. Causes beyond a party's control may include,
but are not limited to, acts of God or war, changes in controlling law, regulations, orders or the
requirements of any governmental entity, severe weather conditions, civil disorders, natural
disasters, fire, epidemics and quarantines, general strikes throughout the trade, and freight
embargoes.

The Contractor shall notify the Commonwealth orally within five (5) days and in writing within
ten (10) days of the date on which the Contractor becomes aware, or should have reasonably
become aware, that such cause would prevent or delay its performance. Such notification shall
(i) describe fully such cause(s) and its effect on performance, (ii) state whether performance
under the Contract is prevented or delayed, and (iii) if performance is delayed, state a
reasonable estimate of the duration of the delay. The Contractor shall have the burden of
proving that such cause(s) delayed or prevented its performance despite its diligent efforts to
perform and shall produce such supporting documentation as the Commonwealth may
reasonably request. After receipt of such notification, the Commonwealth may elect either to
cancel the Contract or to extend the time for performance as reasonably necessary to
compensate for the Contractor?s delay. In the event of a declared emergency by competent
governmental authorities, the Commonwealth, by notice to the Contractor, may suspend all or
a portion of the Contract.

19. DEFAULT.

(a) The Commonwealth may, subject to the provisions of Paragraph 18, Force Majeure,
and in addition to its other rights under the Contract, declare the Contractor in
default by written notice thereof to the Contractor, and terminate (as provided in
Paragraph 11, Termination of Agreement) the whole or any part of this Contract for
any of the following reasons:

1) Failure to begin work within the time specified in the Contract or
as otherwise specified;

2) Failure to perform the work with sufficient labor, equipment, or
material to insure the completion of the specified work in accordance
with the Contract terms;

3) Unsatisfactory performance of the work;

4) Failure or refusal to remove material, or remove and replace any
work rejected as defective or unsatisfactory;

5) Discontinuance of work without approval;

6) Failure to resume work, which has been discontinued, within a
reasonable time after notice to do so;

7) Insolvency or bankruptcy;

Page 13 of 22
