Direct Deposit:

PSECU is a participating Depository Financial Institution (DF!) in the Automated Clearing House (ACH)
Network that both receives and originates a range of ACH transactions for its membership to include:
Direct Deposit, Direct Debit and online payments through a direct relationship with the Federal Reserve

System.

Member-to-Member Transfers:
Funds may be transferred from a member?s account to a different account using our online banking,

mobile banking, Self-Service Telephone or by calling our Call Centers.

Account-to-Account Transfers:
Funds may be transferred into a member?s account from another financial institution through online

banking.

Online Deposit (UPost@Home*):
Members may make deposits through our online deposit service, crediting up to $1,500 instantly.

Wire Transfers:
Members may receive money directly into their PSECU account from another financial institution via

wire transfer.

Deposits (via multiple deposit channels such as mobile deposits and ATM check and/or cash deposits)
for PSECU members shall be immediately available. Deposits may be made to other financial institution
accounts through a PSECU ATM, but it is understood that the deposits to those institutions may not be
available for immediate withdrawal depending upon the funds availability policy set by the institution
that issued the card. Please refer to page 35 for our complete Funds Availability Policy.

Service Access/Coordination for Effective Member Service

At PSECU, we want our members to recognize us as their trusted financial partner, providing the most
affordable products and exceptional service. We take great pride in providing value to our members.
PSECU is committed to providing excellent service and a convenient on-campus location on the
California University campus. It is paramount to us that we are a part of the campus community, and
we encourage all members to visit our campus location. Our friendly, knowledgeable staff will answer
any questions and assist in resolving all complaints with members and non-members.

PSECU recognizes that members, particularly the student population, need somewhere to turn if they
have a question. PSECU?s call centers are available 73 hours a week to assist members through our
nationwide toll-free phone number, 800.237.7328. Members who are speech or hearing impaired may
call our Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TDD) at 800.472.1967 nationwide for assistance.

PSECU cardholders can report lost and stolen cards via our toll-free number 24 hours per day, 7 days a
week. Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 toll-free nationwide during PSECU's hours of operation
to report a card lost or stolen and have a new card issued. After business hours, the member can call
800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen cards can be reported by anyone (i.e. non-
cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member wilt need to speak to PSECU to have a new card issued.
New cards are usually received by our members within 7 business days after their order has been

placed.

Members and non-members may also search PSECU?s online knowledgebase for answers to frequently
asked questions, virtually anytime, anywhere. Members can also email comments, questions and
suggestions through our website at psecu.com.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | aa |
