f) Credit Union agrees to other specific terms of operation (dates, hours, work

parameters & staffing details) as specified on Attachment A.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a) Credit Union shall construct and install the Financial Educational Center(s) listed
on Attachment A, and shall maintain each Financial Educational Center in
accordance with its best practices and procedures. Credit Union's operation of
each Financial Educational Center shall comply with all applicable federal,
state, and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations except as stated in
Sections 4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A. Credit Union shall bear all costs of such
construction, installation and operation.

b) Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Educational Center
equipment, furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and
scope of the operation of each Financial Educational Center. At Credit Union's
expense, Credit Union shall be solely responsible for the maintenance of each
Financial Educational Center, and the costs of all data communications necessary
for the operation of each Financial Educational Center except as stated in
Sections 4 (e), 6 (b) and Attachment A.

c) Credit Union shall use its customary practices and procedures to ensure that
each Financial Educational Center is operational during the stated
business hours of the Financial Educational Center, which efforts shall
include dispatching service personnel, making repairs and replacements, and
monitoring data line problems.

d) Credit Union's obligations under this Agreement may be performed by Credit
Union or any wholly owned subsidiary or agent of Credit Union. Credit Union
may employ independent contractors for construction and/or maintenance
purposes.

e) Credit Union and Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus shall
mutually agree to the exact date on which construction and installation will
begin. Credit Union and Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus
shall mutually agree to the exact date on which the Financial Educational
Center will be operational and open to students and staff of Harrisburg Area
Community College, Lancaster Campus.

f) Credit Union agrees to provide and to install and maintain, at no expense to
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus, the conduit and
electrical, computer, telephone and other lines which serve the Financial
Educational Center, as well as any and all other facilities or equipment which
may be necessary or appropriate for the installation, operation and
maintenance of the Financial Educational Center (including one depository
ATM). The appearance, location and all other features and characteristics of
the lines, facilities and equipment serving the Financial Educational Center will
be mutually agreed upon by Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus and Credit Union.

Page 3 of 18
