15.

17.

18.

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the
terms of this Agreement.

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to
Susquehanna University will, to the knowledge of Credit Union, contain any
misstatement of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the
obligations of Credit Union under this Agreement.

6) Credit Union will advise Susquehanna University if there are any changes in these
representations during the term of this Agreement.

Notices

All notices, consents, requests and demands to or upon the parties which are required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been given or made
when delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the United States mail,
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in the case of overnight
courier services, one business day after delivery to the overnight courier service with
payment provided for, or in the case of facsimile, upon written confirmation of receipt
from the receiving party. Either party may from time-to-time change its address as set
forth above by notifying the other party of its new address in writing.

. Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section
without the prior written consent of Susquehanna University; provided, however, that
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent Credit Union, without
Susquehanna University's consent, from assigning any of Credit Union rights under this
Agreement to any wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any
merger or consolidation of Credit Union or any wholly owned subsidiary. Susquehanna
University shall not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Credit
Union under this Agreement, such consent should not be unreasonably withheld.

Right to Audit

At no expense to Susquehanna University, Credit Union shall have the right to examine
and copy all writings related to any specific aspect of this Addendum and the Agreement
to which it pertains. Upon notice, Susquehanna University agrees to make these materials
available to Credit Union's designated representative during reasonable business hours.
Credit Union's right to audit shall extend for a period of one year after termination of the
Agreement. Susquehanna University shall include in all subcontracts to the Agreement a
like provision under which Credit Union shall have the above referenced rights.

Security Breach Notice

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Susquehanna University
agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized
intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to

Page 9 of 15
