17.

18.

if

addresses, demographic information and financial transactions conducted within those accounts;
any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory
lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the public;
scientific or technical information, including hardware information, system descriptions and
recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer hardware, software or other
technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and relationships
with customers or vendors of PSECU, the products of any of them, and any performance results of
any of them. The MUAA and PSECU will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any
Confidential Information which it receives during the course of conducting business, unless it
receives prior written consent following notice specifying exactly what information is to be shared
and with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any
Confidential Information received may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated
purpose of this Agreement except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by
applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as
herein stated shall survive termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, MUAA and PSECU agree
and promise to destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained including
any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice to destroy such Information, including
any medium upon which or within which that Information resides. Acceptable means of
destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable
software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies
and backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, MUAA
and PSECU agree to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized
intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any
information of either party. Parties agree to report the date, time, and manner of any
such breach, the effect of the breach and any specific corrective action that will be taken in
response to the intrusion, loss or theft within 5 business days of recognition of said breach,
loss or theft of information or information storage.

NOTICE. Notices under this Agreement shall be provided to the other party by personal delivery,
first-class or certified mail with return receipt requested or overnight delivery at the address
shown below:

to MUAA:

For delivery by overnight or in person:

Millersville University

Office of Alumni Engagement

205 North George Street

Millersville, PA 17551

For delivery by first-class or certified mail:
Millersville University
Office of Alumni Engagement
PO Box 1002
Millersville, PA 17551

If to PSECU:

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union

c/o Corporate Legal Services
1500 Elmerton Ave

PSECU/MUAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 6 of 10
