Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION
PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

j. COUNTERPARTS: This Contract may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

40. CONTRACTOR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. University agrees, acknowledges,
and recognizes that Contractor is a highly regulated financial institution under a strict duty of
confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member records, specifically any "Confidential
Information". Confidential Information shall specifically include, but not be limited to, the following: all
non-public member data; account or personal information; such as account numbers, access codes,
account ownership and names of account owners; account owner email addresses; demographic
information; and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; any employee information that
would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory lists; competitively or business
sensitive material that is not generally known to the public; scientific or technical information, including
hardware information, system descriptions and recovery point information and recovery time objectives;
computer hardware, software or other technical design or information, including processing parameters
and procedures; and relationships with customers or vendors of Contractor, the products of any of them,
and any performance results of any of them.

University will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Information which it
receives during the ordinary course of conducting business with Contractor or otherwise, unless it receives
prior written consent from Contractor following notice given to Contractor by University specifying
exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to
disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Information received by University, or any Contractor-
approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement,
except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802)
and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by applicable law including pursuant to a court order or
subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities
regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Furthermore, University agrees and promises to destroy any Confidential Information that it has received
or obtained from Contractor, including any copies, within a reasonable time following its receipt of written
notice from Contractor to destroy such Information, including any medium upon which or within which
that Information resides. Unless otherwise specifically agreed by University and Contractor in a writing
made a part of this Agreement between them, University agrees to perform destruction not later than the
date of termination of this Agreement. University also agrees to provide Contractor with written assurance
of such destruction upon the written request of Contractor. Acceptable means of destruction include fine
shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or
DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Confidential
Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

CONTRACTOR NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACH. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, University agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any
unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to
any information of Contractor or its members. University agrees to report the date, time, and manner of
any such breach, the effect of the breach on Contractor, and any specific corrective action University

Page 30 of 32
