c. Deposit Information:
Deposits (via multiple deposit channels such as mobile deposits and ATM check and/or cash

deposits) for PSECU members shall be immediately available (see Funds Availability Policy,
Page 32) of deposited amounts up to $1,000 for accounts opened within 30 days and of
deposited amounts up to $10,000 for other accounts in good standing. Deposits may be
made to other financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM, but it is understood that
the deposits to those institutions may not be available for immediate withdrawal
depending upon the funds availability policy set by the institution that issued the card.
Please refer to page 32 for our complete Funds Availability Policy.

Student and employee members may deposit funds using one of the following methods:

ATMs:
Regardless of the ATM used, PSECU members have immediate availability of deposited

amounts up to $1,000 for accounts opened within 30 days and of deposited amounts up to
$10,000 for other accounts in good standing. (see our Funds Availability Policy, page 32)

Mobile Deposit:
Deposits are made by taking a picture of a check on the member?s mobile device and

depositing it into their account. Members may make deposits up to $10,000 through our
mobile channel.

Direct Deposit:
PSECU is a participating Depository Financial Institution (DFI) in the Automated Clearing

House (ACH) Network that both receives and originates a range of ACH transactions for its
membership to include: Direct Deposit, Direct Debit and online payments through a direct
relationship with the Federal Reserve System.

Member-to-Member Transfers:
Funds may be transferred from a member?s account to a different account using our Online

Banking, Self-Service Telephone or by calling our call centers.

Account-to-Account Transfers:
Funds may be transferred into a member?s account from another financial institution

through online banking.

Online Deposit (UPost@Home?):
Members may make deposits through our online deposit service, crediting up to $1,500

instantly.

Wire Transfers:
Members may receive money directly into their PSECU account from another financial

institution via wire transfer.

d. System Transaction Authorizations for Point Of Sale (POS) transactions:
PSECU Visa? Debit Cards may be used for purchases at merchants who accept debit
transactions for payment. A PSECU member?s decision of selecting Debit or Credit
determines how the purchase will be processed. The funds will always be deducted from
their Checking/MoneyHandler Shares.

When members select ?credit? purchases, these are processed by Visa?. Members are
required to sign a receipt and the funds in the Checking Shares are put on ?hold? until it is
deducted from their account. When members select ?debit? most transactions are
processed through the STAR? network and the funds are immediately deducted from their
account. Members can also ask for cash back from participating merchants, saving a trip to

ee ? ? saesaets eames are ee a .
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 17 of 38
