Credit Union, of any required approval by any regulatory authority over the Credit
Union, its subsidiaries, or their operations. Credit Union agrees to make related
applications upon execution of this Agreement and shall pay any and all related costs

12.No Joint Venture: SUSS] not a Bank

13.

14.

The parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement is
intended or shall be construed to establish SUSSI and Credit Union as joint ventures
or partners. In addition, the parties acknowledge and agree that SUSS!, by entering
into this Agreement, is not in any manner representing it to be a bank or otherwise
involved in the banking business.

Credit Union Bankruptcy

In the event Credit Union is closed or taken over by any bank authority, SUSS| may
terminate the Agreement only with the concurrence of such bank regulatory authority,
except for default on part of the Credit Union or a successor, and any such regulatory
authority shall in any event, except for such default, have the election either to
continue, to assign, or to terminate the Agreement; provided, however, that in the
event this Agreement is terminated, the maximum claim of SUSS! for damages or
indemnity for injury resulting from the rejection or abandonment of the unexpired
term of the Agreement shall in no event be in an amount exceeding the rent paid or
due for the 30 days preceding SUSSI?s request to terminate this Agreement.

Representations and Warranties of SUSSI and Credit Union

a) SUSSI represents and warrants to Credit Union that, as of the date of this
Agreement:

1) SUSSI is a non-profit organization, existing and in good standing under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. SUSSI is authorized to conduct its
business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all ticenses and permits
required to conduct business. SUSSI is in compliance with all legislative and
regulatory requirernents imposed upon institutions of higher education in
Pennsylvania.

SUSSI and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of SUSSI have full
power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement shall constitute a
valid and binding obligation of SUSSI. SUSSI further states that it is not acting in
contravention to any rights or authority of Shippensburg University by entering
into this Agreement, nor is it the information or belief of SUSSI that any
permission is needed from said Shippensburg University Main Campus or any
other campus prior to entering into this Agreement. Whereas, SUSSI agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Credit Union from any and all actions taken by said
University, which are directly related to performing under this Agreement.

2

?

SUSSI is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document constitute a
violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation to any federal,
state or other governmental agency which would materially and adversely affect
the financial condition or operations of SUSSI or adversely affect its ability to
perform under this Agreement.

3

?

Page 7 of 22
