available at minimal cost. Please refer to Attachment 10 for stop payment fee
information.

vii. Bill payment options ? any fees for using bill pay - PSECU members may
have up to 80 Bill Payers at any one time. While the service is free for
member accounts, please refer to Attachment 10 for fee information with
regards to non-sufficient funds.

viii. Please list any and all other fees
PSECU does not believe a member should pay to use their account.
Therefore, members appreciate our low- or no-fee philosophy. College
students, faculty and staff would incur little or no costs related to the
products and services associated with their PSECU account. Please refer to
Attachment 10 for a complete list of our current fees.

ix. Does your institution offer card branding (the ability to brand student
debit cards with the Community College of Philadelphia logo)?
Yes, PSECU currently provides this service to six (6) of our partner
schools.

x. Where do you publish all of your banking fees? Is a fee schedule given
before the account is opened?
PSECU Fee Schedule is available on our website, psecu.com/fees. For
accounts opened at the on-campus center, a fee schedule can be provided at
the time of application to the new member.

List the proposed cardholder terms and conditions for the issuance and use of the
card. Be sure to include issuance fees, card limits, use charges, maintenance fees,
and any minimum balances.

PSECU response:

New PSECU applicants consent to a credit check at the time of application for
membership. A favorable credit history is required to qualify an applicant for
standard ATM service withdrawal limits ($500/day). Applicants that do not have a
credit history are approved for ATM service, but cards may initially be issued with
lower withdrawal limits ($300/day). New card accounts are evaluated after one
year and card limits are raised to the standard limit if the account is in good
standing. Applicants that have questionable credit history may be granted ATM
service, but card withdrawal limits are typically set at lower limits.

ATM Debit Card Features:
e Withdrawals can be made immediately after a deposit
e Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to increase the amount
withdrawn for emergency purposes
Free ATM transactions ? no transaction fees
No account maintenance fees
No card issuance or replacement fees
No minimum balance
Free ATM cards - two per account
No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions
(excludes surcharges charged by those institutions)
e Rebate on surcharged transactions at other institution ATMs ? $8 per for

36

