N. Waive Technicalities:

1.

Community College of Philadelphia reserves the right to accept or reject proposals
in whole or in part, waive technicalities and to make awards deemed in the best
interests of the College.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

O. Acceptance of Proposals:

1.

It is understood and agreed that the College reserves the right to reject any and all
proposals, or any part of a proposal, if it deems it to be in the best interest of the
College.

The College reserves the right to waive any informality in any proposal when
such waiver is in the best interest of the College.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

P. Definitions:

1.

Addendum ? A modification of the Proposal Instructions, Bid Bond, Proposal
Form, Performance & Payment Guarantee Bond, Agreement, General
Conditions, Special Conditions or Specifications or any other contract documents
issued by the College and distributed to prospective Financial Institutions prior to
the date and time set for the receipt of the proposals.

Affidavit of verification of Proposal ? Document which legally binds the
corporation/firm, as it documents that an ?Authorized? individual of firm or
corporation has the right to submit the proposal. Document must be notarized.

Proposal ? The written offer of the Financial Institution to enter into the
Agreement with the College.

Financial Institution ? Any individual, partnership, or corporation submitting a
proposal in accordance with the Proposal Instructions.

Proposal Administrator ? The individual designated by the College and identified
in the Request for Proposal or in an addendum authorized to solicit and receive or
reject proposals for this contract, to conduct the Financial Institution?s conference
and site inspection, to receive and answer any questions regarding the proposal
documents, and to issue any addenda to the proposal documents.

Proposal instructions ? The section which describes method of preparation and
proposal submission and award of contract together with other information of
Value to prospective Financial Institutions.

The College ? Community College of Philadelphia.
Work ? For the purpose of this project, the term Work shall be interpreted to mean

and not be limited to: all labor, supervision, tools, materials, equipment, unloading,
10
