Qualifications and Experience

PSECU is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that has been in business over 83 years. Our vision is to
use technology to provide financial services to members virtually anytime, anywhere. PSECU has a
Proven track record in the higher education arena, serving 20-plus colleges and universities where a
key goal is to provide financial education programs. Please refer to page 36 for a map of our current
campus relationships, 12 of which are with Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education

Universities.

PSECU also recognizes that members need somewhere to turn if they have a question. Our
student-staffed center will continue to operate a location on the California campus where
students, faculty and staff can come for assistance with managing their PSECU account. Since
2000, PSECU has deployed 22 of these Financial Education Centers on various university and
college campuses across Pennsylvania to provide PSECU with outreach to both current and
potential members within the campus communities. During the fall, PSECU will be opening two
additional Centers on Pennsylvania campuses. PSECU continues to offer a host of low- or no-fee
products to meet the growing needs of our diverse membership.

With over $5 billion in assets, PSECU serves over 400,000 members throughout Pennsylvania, the
United States and across the globe. We currently employ approximately 715 full-time and 16
part-time employees and 125 interns in support of our members.

In 1977, PSECU held $6 million in assets and had 19,000 members. At that time, PSECU enacted
a vision to use technology that would provide financial services to members virtually anytime,
anywhere. Recognized as a leader in technology, PSECU created a member-centric operation
beyond the traditional branch. A centralized contact center and ATMs became the primary
channels to provide member service and cash to PSECU members. That vision continues today
and is reflected in PSECU?s vision and mission statements.

Our Vision
Our members will recognize us as their trusted financial partner.

Our Mission
To safely and securely provide the best value to our members throughout their lives.

Our Business Model
PSECU?s business model is a branchless, self-service model.
We leverage technology to enhance operating efficiencies to offer the lowest loan rates, highest
deposit rates and lowest fees whenever feasible compared to our competitors, while providing world
class service and the highest level of convenience.

Since the University Development Program?s implementation in 2000, our experience with higher
education partners is evident in that we have successfully negotiated and renegotiated all contracts
that remain in force today. We welcome the opportunity to continue to extend our services to
California University.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 Pee
