Please refer to Attachment 7 for a list of the surcharge-free ATMs that have most
recently been used by our membership (including zip codes 19130, 19139, 19141
and 19154) in the Philadelphia area.

Transaction Fees

Provide the ATM transaction fees, if any, that would be charged to Community College
of Philadelphia cardholders. Outline fees charged to those with and without accounts
with your Financial Institution.

PSECU response:

The customary surcharge is currently $1.50 for withdrawals (by non-members only) at
our other campus ATMs. PSECU has committed to charging no ATM surcharges for
either members or non-members at any CCP Campus ATM.

Please refer to Attachment 10 for additional information regarding PSECU?s current fees.

Branch Banking and ATM Locations

Provide a full service Banking Center (branch) conveniently located in our Bonnell
Building. ATM?s are to be located on each of our campuses, 3 on our Main campus and
1 each at our regional centers.

PSECU response:

PSECU will commit to operating a Financial Education Center on the Main Campus in
the Bonnell Building. PSECU will work with CCP to appropriately staff the Financial
Education Center to mirror the hours of the Enrollment Center. PSECU reserves the
right to adjust hours based on operational needs and staffing availability.

The following is a high level overview of the services that will be offered at our on-
campus Financial Education Center:

General account questions

New account opening

Financial education

Account issue resolution

Product and service cross selling

Meaningful job experience for CCP students without having to leave campus
Development of account relationships with students, faculty and staff

PSECU expects to follow our typical hiring schedule which includes an adult business
advisor, two student assistant managers and student interns (a minimum of 2) depending
on operational needs. Please refer to Attachment 5 for a staffing overview. Based on our
business model, our center on campus will assist members of the CCP community with
managing their PSECU account. While the center will not perform account transactions,
our staff will guide PSECU members in the use of our technology to securely manage
their financial dealings anytime, anywhere. By maintaining this model, we allow our
ATMs to act as the teller for cash and check transactions through immediate access to
deposited funds. PSECU maintains our centers with a great amount of flexibility,
allowing us to support the needs of a changing campus community. During peak account
opening times such as new student orientations PSECU will provide additional staff to
assist students in establishing their PSECU account and to provide member support.

PSECU will work with the College and the current supplier to establish a schedule of
34
