e General Orientation Support Sponsorship: Underwrite $2,000 per year ($10,000 over five years)
to support orientation efforts, e.g. co-branded orientation staff t-shirts. Sponsorship items are

to be agreed upon by Bloomsburg University and PSECU.

e Orientation Folder Support Sponsorship: Funds used to underwrite $1,000 per year ($5,000 over
five years) for co-branded parent/student folders and accompanying materials.

e CGA Sponsorship: Funds used to sponsor Bloomsburg University?s Community Government
Association (CGA). Sponsorships are to be agreed upon by the Bloomsburg University CGA and

PSECU.

e Career Development Sponsorship: Funds to sponsor Bloomsburg University?s Career
Development Department. Sponsorship funds are to be agreed upon by Bloomsburg University

and PSECU.

e Annual Rent for Campus Office Space: Payment for office space to be used as our financial
education center on campus.

Additional Revenue Opportunities for Bloomsburg University

PSECU does offer additional revenue opportunities.

e PSECU will pay Bloomsburg University $0.15 for each member on-campus ATM withdrawal
transaction, and $0.65 for each non-member on-campus ATM withdrawal transaction.

e Incentives will be payable for any of the following services set up within one year of the.
member joining PSECU. Incentives are paid on a monthly basis, the month after services are

activated.
Bloomsburg
PSECU Service Incentive
New Student/Family Member Account $5.00
?>?
New Faculty/Staff Account $20.00
Real Estate Equity Loan L $20.00
Li B
Auto Loan $10.00
Check Card $5.00
Checking $5.00
fo
VISA? $5.00

Value of the PSECU On-Campus Intern Program
PSECU estimates the value of the PSECU on-campus intern program to be over $879,000 in salary,

benefits and incentives over the 5-year term of the contract. Please refer to page 9 for PSECU?s
projected costs to operate the Financial Education Center at Bloomsburg University.

merhttmisr tlre i emer eke in ERR ?
BURFP - ROB423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGue

PSECU Cost Proposal | Page 7 of 9
