Monthly Statements to Accountholders

PSECU provides monthly statements on all accounts. Please refer to Document 3 for a sample of our
current monthly paper statement format and our commitment to comply with all aspects of the
Electronic Funds Transfer Act (Reg E) which requires a statement be provided for each month in which

a member has an EFT transaction.

Members may elect to discontinue receipt of paper statements and choose to go electronic. They will
receive an email at their address of record notifying them when their account statements are available

in their online account.

PSECU acknowledges that it may enclose marketing materials in these monthly statements.

Monthly Report to the University

PSECU will continue to provide a monthly incentive report to the University summarizing the
services incentives to be paid to the University. Please refer to Document 4 for a sample of this

monthly report.

ATM Network - On-Campus ATMs

ATM Locations and Functionality

PSECU acknowledges the need for ATMs on campus and will continue to operate and maintain a
minimum of three (3) ATMs on the California University campus with their current functionality and in
their current locations. In order to provide ongoing excellent member service, additional ATMs may be
added later in the contract by mutual agreement as to location and service functionality.

ATM Service and Availability

Maintenance is performed by Diebold Nixdorf, Inc., a leading global supplier of ATMs; cash
replenishments are performed by Dunbar on an as needed basis, dependent on usage trends. In keeping
with security guidelines, a specific arrival time is not able to be provided.

During times of heavy usage (special events on campus), the Financial Education Center Staff will
inform PSECU of the possible need for additional maintenance or servicing.

ATM Maintenance
The University may report ATM problems directly to PSECU staff either by contacting our Financial
Education Center Community Manager or by calling PSECU at 800.237.7328, extension 2354, option 1.

PSECU contracts with Diebold Nixdorf, Inc. to provide maintenance to our ATMs. University ATMs are on
a two-hour (7 days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.) response service contract. In keeping with security
guidelines, a specific arrival time is not able to be provided. PSECU staff monitors real-time status of
ATM incidents and availability during normal business hours through online software.

In addition, STAR? and Diebold Nixdorf, Inc. monitor our ATM network via online software. Sensors in
the ATM alert both service providers immediately of any fault in the machine (out of cash, paper jams,

etc).

ATM Responsibility
PSECU bears all costs of installation of ATMs to University standards. PSECU will be responsible for the

installation and on-going maintenance for all campus ATMs.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 22
