PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3 1
REV: JULY 2017

C. The University specifically reserves the right to conduct background checks over and
above that described herein or as otherwise required by applicable law.
d. The University may provide Contractor employees who work on a University campus with

a designated email or other network access for use by the employee for performance under this Contract.
Any such access must be in accordance with all applicable laws and University policies.

e. Failure of the Contractor to comply with the terms of this section on more than one occasion
or Contractor's failure to appropriately address any single failure to the satisfaction of the University may
result in the Contractor being deemed in default of its Contract.

31. MANDATORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.

a. All employees, subcontractors and volunteers of Contractor who provide a program,
activity, or service to the University that are responsible for the care, supervision, guidance, or control of
children are considered mandated reporters of suspected cases of child abuse under Pennsylvania law. All
mandated reporters shall make an immediate report of suspected child abuse if the individual has
reasonable cause to suspect that a child is the victim of child abuse under any of the following
circumstances: (i)the mandated reporter comes into contact with the child in the course of employment,
occupation and practice of a profession or through a regularly scheduled program, activity or service; (ii)
the mandated reporter is directly responsible for the care, supervision, guidance or training of the child,
or is affiliated with an agency, institution, organization, school, regularly established church or religious
organization or other entity that is directly responsible for the care, supervision, guidance or training of
the child; (iii) a person makes a specific disclosure to the mandated reporter that an identifiable child is

~ the victim of child abuse; or (iv) an individual 14 years of age or older makes a specific disclosure tothe SOS

mandated reporter that the individual has committed child abuse. The minor is not required to come before
the mandated reporter in order for the mandated reporter to make a report of suspected child abuse. The
mandated reporter does not need to determine the identity of the person responsible for the child abuse to
make a report of suspected child abuse.

b. Mandated reporters must immediately make an oral report of suspected child abuse to the
Department of Human Services (DHS), formerly the Department of Public Welfare, by calling ChildLine
at 1-800-932-0313, or by filing a written report with DHS through Pennsylvania?s Child Welfare
Information Solution portal (https://www.compass.state.pa.us/CWIS). If an oral report is made, a written
report shall also be made within 48 hours to DHS or the county agency assigned to the case as prescribed
by DHS. If a mandated reporter feels that a child is in an emergency situation, the mandated reporter
should call local law enforcement or 911 immediately. In addition to the mandatory reporting requirements
above, employees and subcontractors of Contractor must immediately notify the University that a report
of suspected child abuse has been made.

32. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY. For the purpose of this section, the term Contractor is
defined as any person, including, but not limited to, a bidder, offeror, loan recipient, grantee or lessor,
who has furnished or performed or seeks to furnish or perform, goods, supplies, services, leased space,
construction or other activity, under a contract, grant, lease, purchase order or reimbursement agreement
with the Commonwealth. The term Contractor includes a permittee, licensee, or any agency, political
subdivision, instrumentality, public authority, or other public entity in the Commonwealth.

a. The Contractor certifies, in writing, for itself and its subcontractors required to be disclosed
or approved by the Commonwealth, that as of the date of its execution of this Contract, that neither the
Contractor, nor any such subcontractors, are under suspension or debarment by the Commonwealth or any

Page 22 of 32
