All personnel shall regularly utilize OSHA approved personal protective
equipment appropriate to the work performed.

If engaged in any electrical work, contract personnel shall utilize OSHA
approved Lock Out/Tag Out procedures and equipment to prevent exposure to
them, or to employees, students or invitees of the College from hazardous
electrical energy.

In addition to items specified above, all contract personnel shall comply with
OSHA regulations during their work on College premises.

For additional instruction, see Section VIII, Item H, Number

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

G. Order Format:

1.

Orders with the Financial Institution will be in the form of an
agreement/purchase order issued by the College.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge.

H. Payment:

1.

Any payments due to the College must be made within 15 days of a mutually
agreed upon closing date(s).

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

I. Termination:

1.

Notwithstanding the term of this agreement, the College on written notice, can
terminate the agreement at any time by certified mail with return receipt with not
less than thirty (30) days prior notice.

PSECU response:

The 30-day written notice right to terminate any agreement will be a mutual
covenant covering both parties. Both CCP and PSECU will negotiate a separate
contract for the continued operation of the on-campus ATMs, if desired.

J. Work Stoppage:

1.

2.

The selected Financial Institution shall be wholly responsible for any relations
with appropriate trade unions involved in the work.

In the event there shall be a delay or any work stoppage on the College?s
property resulting from a labor dispute or union activity, the Financial Institution
will take whatever action may be necessary to insure re-commencement of work
within 24-hours.

The selected Financial Institution shall be responsible for any and all delays or
claims arising by reason of labor disputes or relations or union activities if the
same shall result from failure to comply with its duties as outlined above.
