Cost to the Consumer

PSECU believes a member should not pay to use their account, and has adopted a low- or no-fee
philosophy. University students, faculty and staff will incur few or no costs related to the products and
services associated with their PSECU account. As part of our relationship with Bloomsburg, PSECU will
deposit the initial $5 minimum Share 1 (Regular Savings Account) balance requirement for membership
into each new Bloomsburg member account. (A $5 minimum share purchase will be made on behalf of
the member by PSECU. If the member account is closed within the first year of membership, the initial

$5 share will be retained by PSECU.)

Consumers on campus may make deposits to other financial institution accounts through a PSECU ATM.
PSECU does not surcharge for non-member deposits, but does surcharge non-member withdrawal
transactions at a rate of $1.50 at our campus ATMs to offset the expense of the free services provided

to our membership.

Terms and Conditions for the Issuance and Termination of Membership and Cards with
PSECU:

New PSECU applicants consent to a credit check at the time of application for membership. A favorable
credit history is required to qualify an applicant for standard ATM service withdrawal limits ($500/day).
Applicants that do not have a credit history are approved for ATM service, but cards may initially be
issued with lower withdrawal limits ($300/day). New card accounts areevaluated after one year and
card limits are raised to the standard limit if the account is in good standing. Applicants that have
questionable credit history may be granted ATM service, but card withdrawal limits are typically set at

lower limits.
ATM /Debit Card Features:

e Withdrawals can be made immediately after a deposit (some restrictions may apply, see our
Technical Proposal for our Funds Availability Policy)

e Standard $500 daily withdrawal limit with flexibility to increase the amount withdrawn for

emergency purposes

No account maintenance fees

No card issuance or replacement fees

Free ATM cards - two per account

No PSECU charge for use of ATM machines owned by other institutions (excludes surcharges

charged by those institutions)

Rebate on surcharged transactions at other institution ATMs - $8 per for month for members

and up to $20 a month for members with Direct Deposit

PSECU provides ATM service in accordance with Regulation E. The University will have no liability for
lost, stolen or fraudulent use of any ATM/debit card. A Card Agreement and Regulation E disclosure is
provided to all PSECU members opting to receive a card with ATM and Point-of-Sale (POS) functionality.
Under the Terms of Agreement, cardholders agree to notify PSECU immediately if they believe the card
or ATM personal identification number (PIN) has been lost or stolen. The same terms apply if the
cardholder believes the card or PIN has or may have been used by anyone without their authorization.
Since the card uses a PIN to secure the transaction, the only time an unauthorized transaction can
occur is when the PIN is breached. PIN protection on ATM debit cards typically ensures cardholders
against loss. In the event of an erroneous or unauthorized transaction, members are asked to complete
a Visa? dispute form to permit PSECU to investigate the dispute.

i :
BURFP - ROB423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGke

PSECU Cost Proposal | Page 3 of 9
