Furthermore, Elizabethtown College agrees and promises to destroy any Confidential Member
Information that it has received or obtained from Credit Union, including any copies,
immediately upon receiving written notice from Credit Union to destroy such Information,
including any medium upon which or within which that Information resides. Elizabethtown
College agrees to destroy all Confidential Member Information that it has received or obtained
from Credit Union, and any copies made, not later than the date of termination of this
Agreement, and Elizabethtown College also agrees to provide Credit Union with written
assurance of such destruction upon the written request of Credit Union. Acceptable means of
destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable
software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies
and backups so that no information is readable or reproducible in any format.

18. Inspection of Records

Elizabethtown College shall make available, at no added expense to itself, all accounting,
operational and business records, which are in Elizabethtown College?s possession or under its
control and which are necessary to verify the basis for all charges billed to Credit Union
hereunder, available for Credit Union?s examination upon at least five (5) business days prior
written notice. Inspection shall be during Elizabethtown College?s regular business hours, and
records shall be made available for the term of the Agreement up to a period of three (3) years
after its completion or termination. Any Elizabethtown College subcontracts directly related to
this Agreement shall contain a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit Union the above
rights.

19. Notice of security breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Elizabethtown College agrees to
fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any
loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of Credit
Union or its members. Elizabethtown College agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any
such breach, the effect of the breach on Credit Union, and any specific corrective action
Elizabethtown College will be taking in response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to the
Credit Union within 24 hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or
information storage.

20. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to
be an original, but all of which shall constitutes one and the same instrument.

21.Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with all Attachments attached hereto, contains the entire agreement
between parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
arrangements, agreements or understandings with respect thereto. Section headings contained
in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties, and are without meaning.

22. Changes

The terms and provisions of this Agreement may not be modified or amended except as agreed
in writing by the parties.

23.Governing Law
Page 9 of 15
