Carrie Kromer, PSECU Community Manager @ California University of Pennsylvania

Carrie manages operations at California University of Pennsylvania and Clarion University. She is
responsible for developing relationships with colleges and universities in Western Pennsylvania. She
started working in a smaller local credit union in 1999 as a branch manager and has worked for PSECU
for over 12 years as the Community Manager of its Financial Education Center at California University
of Pennsylvania. She enjoys helping students achieve their potential by sponsoring and delivering
financial education topics. Carrie also facilitates PSECU?s presence on campus through sponsorships and
support of campus organizations. She earned her Associate?s in Architectural Engineering Technology
from Penn State University, Fayette. Carrie is now working on her Bachelor?s in Business Administration
with a concentration in Management at California University of Pennsylvania.

Lori L. Books, PSECU ATM Relationship Manager, Transaction Services

As ATM relationship manager, Lori Books is responsible for all aspects of the installation and planning of
the ATMs and security for all Financial Education Centers. She oversees all university RFP projects that
involve opening Financial Education Centers with the installation of ATMs. Lori has held various
Positions throughout PSECU that include loan processing and account opening for new members. She
currently works in the ATM department alongside the Director of ATM, Branch, and Payment
Operations. Lori holds an Associate?s in Accounting and has 27 years of service with PSECU.

Milford C. (Pete) Spicher, Jr., PSECU Facilities Manager

Pete Spicher serves as Facilities Manager for all PSECU locations. Along with managing the day-to-day
operations and maintenance of all PSECU facilities, he also oversees all renovation, upgrade, and new
construction projects. Pete works directly with the University Development team to facilitate the
implementation of the physical PSECU space within the universities with whom we partner. Pete has
spent 13 years in facilities management, 20 years in construction management, and four years in
facilities management with PSECU.

Sara Weiser, CCUFC, PSECU Financial Education Manager

Sara Weiser manages and writes curriculum for PSECU?s financial education program, WalletWorks. She
serves on the Harrisburg Regional Council. She is a member of the Young Women's Futures Symposium
Steering Committee for Junior Achievement of South Central Pennsylvania, and a member of the
Advisory Council for the Capital Region Partnership for Career Development. She also represents PSECU
in the Pennsylvania JumpStart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy. She serves as the Area Chair
for the Harrisburg/Central Pennsylvania and York/Lancaster regions for the Brown University Alumni
Interviewing Program. She holds a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University, where she double-
concentrated in Education and Psychology. Sara also holds a Master of Arts in Community Psychology
and Social Change from Penn State University, with a graduate certificate in Non-Profit Administration.
Sara came to PSECU from the education field in 2014 and has extensive experience working with
students. She is a Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor accredited through the Credit Union

National Association.

Marcy M., Miller, PSECU University Development Administrative Manager

Marcy Miller currently assists in the management of the PSECU?s University Development program and
oversees the daily administrative operations of the unit. She is responsible for developing and
monitoring University Development contractual obligations, marketing promotions, procedures, and
budgets. Marcy?s contributions include providing information regarding Financial Education Center
operations and programs, and ensuring compliance with administrative submission requirements. She
earned a Bachelor of Science in Consumer Science/Retail Management from Hood College and has more
than 14 years of service with PSECU.

In addition to PSECU staff, we have a select group of professional subcontractors with whom we
contract to perform specific proprietary work as part of our campus program:

Burkey Corporation, Reading, PA

Burkey performs the physical remodel and or fit-out of our campus center spaces via a
?design/build? approach.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 | at |
