e Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a monetary
reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

e Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA laws and
regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be delivered and mail
them through the College mail room.

e Membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person designated by
Elizabethtown College for approval prior to the Credit Union conducting such a
drive. Such requested approval shall not unreasonably be denied.

7. Advertising

a.

Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's logos,
trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party. Each
party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and service marks are the
sole property of the other party.

. However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of Elizabethtown

College, to include the address of any ATM in a directory of ATMs and/or other banking
facilities. Credit Union may refer to Elizabethtown College in any listing of groups eligible
to join the Credit Union.

8. Mutual Indemnification

a.

Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold Elizabethtown College harmless from and
against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred or threatened against Elizabethtown College on account of or resulting
from this Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial Educational Center, or
any action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or agents or independent
contractors under this Agreement, provided that Credit Union shall not be required to
defend, indemnify or hold Elizabethtown College harmless from Elizabethtown College's
own negligence or wrongful conduct or that of Elizabethtown College's agents, employees
or independent contractors.

. Elizabethtown College shall defend, indemnify and hold Credit Union harmless from and

against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred, or threatened against Credit Union on account of or resulting from any
actions or omissions of Elizabethtown College, its employees or agents; provided,
however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of Elizabethtown College?s invitees
which involve member account related misconduct.

. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if any Financial Educational

Center is damaged or destroyed as a result of an insured peril, or a peril that ordinarily
would be insured if the party is self-insured, or if an insured liability for bodily injury,
death, or property damage arises in the Financial Educational Center, or a liability that
ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-insured, then, whether or not the damage,
destruction, bodily injury, death; or property damage was caused by the negligence of the
other party, neither Elizabethtown College nor Credit Union shall be liable to the other or
any insurer of the other with respect to the insured portion of such damage, destruction,
bodily injury, death or property damage or, if the party is self-insured, the portion of such

Page 5 of 15
