PSECU response:

PSECU is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that has been in business for 81 years. Our
vision is to use technology to provide financial services to members anytime, anywhere.
PSECU has a proven track record in the higher education space, where a key goal is to
provide financial education programs.

PSECU also recognizes that members need somewhere to turn if they have a question.

Our student-staffed center would establish a location on the Community College of
Philadelphia campus where students, faculty and staff can come for assistance with
managing their PSECU account. Since 2000, PSECU has deployed 17 of these Financial
Education Centers on various universities and colleges across Pennsylvania in order to
provide PSECU with an outreach to both current and potential members within the campus
communities.

PSECU will commit to operating a Financial Education Center on the CCP campus. PSECU
expects to follow our typical hiring schedule which includes an adult business advisor, two
student assistant managers and student interns (a minimum of 2), depending on operational
needs. Please refer to Attachment 5 for our staffing overview. While the center will not
perform account transactions, our staff will guide PSECU members in the use of our
technology to securely manage their financial needs.

PSECU acknowledges the need for ATMs on campus and is committing to installation of
ATMs with similar functionality as the College?s current supplier. PSECU will work with
the College to determine, by mutual agreement, the most optimum locations. PSECU ATMs
on the CCP campus will perform surcharge-free transactions for PSECU members as
well as other financial institution customers.

PSECU is pleased to submit our proposal to provide student and employee financial services,
as well as ATM services on the Community College of Philadelphia campus.

. Outline of Services to Be Offered

1. Describe in narrative form the financial services packages that would be offered to the
College community (i.e. checking and savings accounts, debit accounts, loans, etc). Use
the task descriptions in Section REQUIREMENTS of this RFP as your reference point.
Modifications of the outline are permitted; however, reasons for changes should be fully
explained. If more than one approach is apparent, comment on why you chose this
approach.

PSECU response:
Please refer to Section IX. REQUIREMENTS for a complete narrative of the financial
services that will be offered to the College community.

2. Financial Institution to indicate the related cost for undertaking this service. These
costs should be included in the Financial Institution?s appropriate COST PROPOSAL
information.

PSECU response:

PSECU shall construct and install the Financial Education Center at no additional costs to

CCP. PSECU will be responsible for the construction and renovation of the center space and

installation and on-going maintenance and charges associated with conduit, electrical,

computer, telephone and other data and phone lines which serve the Financial Education

Center and the ATMs, as well as any and all other facilities, equipment or furniture which
17
