demographic information; and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; any
employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory
lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the public;
scientific or technical information, including hardware information, system descriptions and
recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer hardware, software or other
technical design or information, including processing parameters and procedures; and
relationships with customers or vendors of either party, the products of any of them, and any
performance results of any of them.

Neither Contractor nor University will sell, transfer or share with any third parties any
Confidential Information which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business
with each other or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from the other party
following notice given to such party specifying exactly what information is to be shared and
with whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested. Any
Confidential Information received by either party, or any approved recipients, may be used only
as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement, except (1) as permitted
pursuant to the exceptions listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and
accompany regulations, and (2) as required by applicable law including pursuant toa court
order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive the termination
of this Agreement. Furthermore, both parties agree and promise to destroy any Confidential
Information thatit has received or obtained from the other party , including any copies, within
a reasonable time following its receipt of written notice from the other party to destroy such
Information, including any medium upon which or within which that Information resides. Unless
otherwise specifically agreed by University and Contractor in a writing made a part of this
Agreement between them, both parties agree to perform destruction not later than the date of
termination of this Agreement. Both parties also agree to provide each other with written
assurance of such destruction upon the written request of the other party. Acceptable means of
destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable
software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic
copies and backups so that no Confidential Information is readable or reproducible in any
format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities
regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

38. CONTRACTOR AND UNIVERSITY NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACH. Notwithstanding

anything in this Agreement to the contrary, both parties agree to fully disclose any breach in its
security resulting inor from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or
information storage, that may pertain to any information of the other party. Both parties agree
to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the effect of the breach on the other
party , and any specific corrective action the other party will be taking in response to the
intrusion, loss or theft directly to the other party within 24 hours of recognition of said breach,
loss or theft of information or information storage.

Page 20 of 22
