stated purpose of this Agreement, except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed
in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompanying regulations, and (2) as
required by applicable law including pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Furthermore, Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees and promises to
destroy any Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from Credit Union,
including any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice from Credit Union to destroy
such Information, including any medium upon which or within which that Information resides.
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees to perform destruction not
later than the date of termination of this Agreement, and Harrisburg Area Community
College, Harrisburg Campus also agrees to provide Credit Union with written assurance of
such destruction upon the written request of Credit Union. Acceptable means of destruction
include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software
or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and
backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

18. Inspection of Records

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus shall make available, at no
added expense to itself, all accounting, operational and business records, which
are in Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus?s possession or
under its control and which are necessary to verify the basis for all charges billed
to Credit Union hereunder, available for Credit Union?s examination upon at least
five (5) business days prior written notice. Inspection shall be during Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus?s regular business hours, and records
shall be made available for the term of the Agreement up to a period of three (3)
years after its completion or termination. Any Harrisburg Area Community
College, Harrisburg Campus subcontracts directly related to this Agreement shall
contain a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit Union the above rights.

19. Notice of Security Breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus agrees to fully disclose any breach in its
security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of
information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of Credit
Union or its members. Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus
agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the effect of the
breach on Credit Union, and any specific corrective action Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus will be taking in response to the intrusion,
loss or theft directly to the Credit Union within 24 hours of recognition of said

Page 11 of 17
