PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PASSHE-BB-3.{
REV: JULY 2017

c. In the event of a declared emergency by competent governmental authorities, the
University by notice to the Contractor may suspend all or a portion of this Contract or a Purchase Order
issued under this Contract.

26. USE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

a. Covered Data and Information (?CDI?) includes paper and electronic financial
information, student education records, as well as any other data marked as confidential provided by the
University or its students to the Contractor to perform the services under this Contract.

b. Disclosure of CDI: Contractor shall not copy, report or release CDI or information
concerning the University or its students, employees or customers to third parties except when essential
for authorized use under this Contract and then only with University?s prior written approval and only
where the third parties sign agreements containing substantially the same provisions as contained in this
section. Any such report or release of information shall, at a minimum, comply with those requirements
enumerated in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. ?6801 et seq.), the Family and Educational Rights
and Privacy Act of 1974 (20 U.S.C. ?1232g), and applicable University or Board of Governors policies
or standards for safeguarding such information, and all other applicable laws regarding consumer privacy
and confidential information. The Contractor agrees not to use CDI for any purpose other than the purpose
for which the disclosure was made.

Ci Maintenance of CDI: The Contractor shall develop, implement, maintain, and use
appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security measures to preserve the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of all electronically maintained or transmitted CDI received from or on behalf
of the University or its students. The Contractor will extend these measures by contract to all
subcontractors used by the Contractor. At a minimum, the Contractor agrees to guard the confidentiality
of the University?s confidential information with the same diligence with which it guards its own
proprietary information.

d. Destruction or Return of CDI: Upon termination, cancellation, expiration or other
conclusion of this Contract or any license granted hereunder, the Contractor will return to the University
all copies of CDI in the Contractor?s possession, unless the Contracting Officer consents in writing to the
preservation of a copy of the CDI for archival purposes. The Contractor shall provide a certificate to the
University confirming the date of destruction of the CDI.

e. Reporting of Unauthorized Disclosures or Misuse of CDI: The Contractor shall, as soon as
reasonably practicable and in accordance with all applicable state and federal statutes and regulations,
report to the University any use or disclosure of CDI not authorized by this Contract. The Contractor?s
report shall identify: (i) the nature of the unauthorized use or disclosure, (ii) the CDI used or disclosed,
(iii) the identity of the party who made the unauthorized use or received the unauthorized disclosure, (iv)
what the Contractor has done or shall do to mitigate any deleterious effect of the unauthorized use or
disclosure, and (v) what corrective action the Contractor has taken or shall take to prevent future similar
unauthorized use or disclosure. The Contractor shall provide such other information, including a written
report, as reasonably requested by the University.

f Remedies: If the University reasonably determines in good faith that the Contractor has
materially breached any of its obligations under this provision, the University, in its sole discretion, shall
have the right to require the Contractor to submit to a plan of monitoring and reporting; provide the
Contractor with a thirty (30) day period to cure the breach; or terminate this Contract immediately if cure
is not possible. Before exercising any of these options, the University shall provide written notice to the

Page 19 of 32
