Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

THIS CONTRACT, made and entered into this day of .
between Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, a member of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education, having its principal offices at 400 East Second
Street, Bloomsburg, PA 17815, (hereinafter ?University?, ?Commonwealth,? or ?Agency?),

and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, having their principal offices at 1500 Elmerton
Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110, Federal 1D. # 23-0961140, acting through its proper officials,
(hereinafter referred to as ?Contractor?).

Both the University and Contractor, when used together, are hereinafter referred to as
Parties. The University is an instrumentality of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, established
by and existing pursuant to Article XX-A of the Public School Code of 1949, as amended, 24 P.S.
? 20-2001-A, et seq., and is authorized thereby to enter into this Contract.

The University desires to obtain a Banking Services Program from the Contractor.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises
hereinafter expressed and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. CONTRACTOR DUTIES. The Contractor, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth below, shall perform an array of traditional financial services primarily to students
attending the University to enable personal banking functions while away from home:

? Providing 24/7 deposit banking through ATM network

e Enabling 24/7 on demand withdrawal from a regional to nationwide ATM
network with incentives provided to account holders of the ATM owner

e Offering low to no fee checking/debit accounts

e Offering interest earning savings accounts

e Creating Educational programs for students associated with financial literacy
and management including but not limited to credit development, financial
saving, and loan management

e Providing innovative technology and financial services to the University
community

? Implementing of financial services to be available by June 25, 2017

? Generating revenue to help offset the cost of providing financial services to
University stakeholders

Furthermore:
a. Those services described in the University?s Request for Proposals #RO8423

(and 6 related addenda, consisting of 96 pages), shall be incorporated herein
by reference as if attached.

b. Those services described in the Contractor?s response (Exhibit A - Technical
Proposal, and Exhibit B - PSECU Financial Response) shall be incorporated
herein.

Page 3 of 24
