9.

10.

1

_

12.

13.

liability for bodily injury, death, or property damage arises in the Financial
Educational Center, or a liability that ordinarily would be insured if the party is
self-insured, then, whether or not the damage, destruction, bodily injury, death;
or property damage was caused by the negligence of the other party, neither
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus nor Credit Union shall be liable
to the other or any insurer of the other with respect to the insured portion of
such damage, destruction, bodily injury, death or property damage or, if the
party is self-insured, the portion of such damage, destruction, injury, or death
that ordinarily would be insured. All policies of insurance shall contain a
provision providing: (1) that the insurer waives its right of subrogation against
the other party hereto with respect to the insured damage, destruction, bodily
injury, death or property damage, except as to any self-insured or uninsured
deductible amount, and (2) that the waiver by the insurer of its right of
subrogation shall not affect the right of the insured to recover under any
insurance policies; provided, however that if such waiver is not available or is
only available at an additional premium, the insured party shall give notice to
the other party and, in the case of the latter, the other party shall be given the
opportunity to pay the additional premium and obtain the benefit of the waiver.

Insurance

Credit Union shall maintain insurance on the Financial Educational Center, including,
without limitation, bodily injury, property damage, personal injury, and advertising
injury, in an amount no less than $5,300,000 per occurrence.

Personal Property

The contents of each Financial Educational Center shall remain the property of
Credit Union at all times and shall not be construed as fixtures.

. Regulatory Approval

The Credit Union?s obligation under this Agreement is contingent upon and expressly
subject to the receipt by the Credit Union, in form and substance satisfactory to
Credit Union, of any required approval by any regulatory authority over the Credit
Union, its subsidiaries, or their operations. Credit Union agrees to make related
applications upon execution of this Agreement and shall pay any and all related costs

No Joint Venture: Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus not a
Bank

The parties acknowledge and agree that nothing contained in this Agreement is
intended or shall be construed to establish Northampton Community College, Monroe
Campus and Credit Union as joint ventures or partners. In addition, the parties
acknowledge and agree that Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus, by
entering into this Agreement, is not in any manner representing it to be a bank or
otherwise involved in the banking business.

Credit Union Bankruptcy

Page 7 of 18
