2) Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit Union,
have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its
obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this Agreement shall

constitute a valid and binding obligation of Credit Union.

~~

3) Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this document constitute
a Violation with respect to any order of any court or any regulation of any federal,
state or other governmental agency which would materially and adversely affect the
financial condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely affect its ability to

perform under this Agreement.

=

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened against
Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the terms of

this Agreement.

=>

5) No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to The
Foundation will, to the knowledge of Credit Union, contain any misstatement of
material fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of Credit Union

under this Agreement.

=

6) Credit Union will advise The Foundation if there are any changes in these

representations during the term of this Agreement.

~

15. Notices

All notices, consents, requests and demands to or upon the parties which are required
or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been given or made
when delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the United States mail,
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in the case of overnight
courier services, one business day after delivery to the overnight courier service with
payment provided for, or in the case of facsimile, upon written confirmation of
receipt from the receiving party. Either party may from time-to-time change its address
as set forth below by notifying the other party of its new address in writing.

16. Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section
without the prior written consent of The Foundation; provided, however, that nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent Credit Union, without The Foundation's
consent, from assigning any of Credit Union rights under this Agreement to any wholly
owned subsidiary of Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any merger or consolidation
of Credit Union or any wholly owned subsidiary. The Foundation shall not assign this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Credit Union under this Agreement, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

17. Right to Audit
At no expense to The Foundation, Credit Union shall have the right to examine and copy all

writings related to any specific aspect of this Addendum and the Agreement to which it
pertains. Upon notice, The Foundation agrees to make these materials available to Credit

Page 8 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

