6)

b

=

Community College, Lancaster Campus to Credit Union will, to the knowledge of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus, contain any
misstatement of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the
obligations of Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus under this
Agreement.

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus will advise Credit Union
if there are any changes in these representations during the term of this
Agreement.

Credit union represents and warrants to Harrisburg Area Community College,

Lancaster Campus that, as of the date of this Agreement:

1)

2)

3)

4)

6

Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under
the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to
conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all
licenses and permits required to conduct business. The Credit Union is in
compliance with all legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon
credit unions in Pennsylvania.

Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit
Union, have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this
Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of Credit Union.

Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this
document constitute a violation with respect to any order of any
court or any regulation of any federal, state or other governmental
agency which would materially and adversely affect the financial
condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely affect its
ability to perform under this Agreement.

No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under
the terms of this Agreement.

No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus will, to the knowledge of
Credit Union, contain any misstatement of material fact in connection with this
Agreement and the obligations of Credit Union under this Agreement.

Credit Union will advise Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus
if there are any changes in these representations during the term of this
Agreement.

15. Notices

All notices, consents, requests and demands to or upon the parties which are
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been
given or made when delivered in person, or five (5) days after deposited in the

Page 9 of 18
