20. LIABILITY. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither of the parties shall assume

21,

any liabilities to each other. As to liability to each other or death to persons, or damages to
property, the parties do not waive any defense as a result of entering into this contract. This
provision shall not be construed to limit the Commonwealth?s rights, claims or defenses which
arise as a matter of law pursuant to any provisions of this contract. This provision shall not be
construed to limit the sovereign immunity of the Commonwealth or of the State System of
Higher Education or the University.

CONTRACT CONTROVERSIES.

(a) In the event of a controversy or claim arising from the Contract, the Contractor must,
within six months after the cause of action accrues, file a written notice of controversy
or claim with the Contracting Officer for a determination. The claim shall state all
grounds upon which the Contractor asserts a controversy exists. If the Contractor fails
to file a claim or files an untimely claim, the Contractor is deemed to have waived its
right to assert a claim in any forum.

(b) The contracting officer shall review timely filed claims and issue a final determination,
in writing, regarding the claim. The final determination shall be issued within 120 days
of the receipt of the claim, unless extended by consent of the Contracting Officer
and the Contractor. The Contracting Officer shall send his/her written determination to
the Contractor. If the Contracting Officer fails to issue a final determination within
the 120 days (unless extended by consent of the Parties), the claim shall be deemed
denied. The contracting officer?s determination shall be the final order of the
Purchasing Agency.

(c

VU

Within fifteen (15) days of the mailing date of the determination denying a claim or
within 135 days of filing a claim if, no extension is agreed to by the parties,
whichever occurs first, the Contractor may file a statement of claim with the
Commonwealth Board of Claims. Pending a final judicial resolution of a controversy
or claim, the Contractor shall proceed diligently with the performance of the Contract
in a manner consistent with the determination of the Contracting Officer and the
Commonwealth shall compensate the Contractor pursuant to the terms of the Contract.

22. AMENDMENTS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties,

23.

superseding any other prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements. Any changes,
corrections or additions to this Agreement shall be in writing in the form of a supplemental
agreement signed by all necessary parties and setting forth therein the proposed change,
correction or addition.

SEVERABILITY. Should any term of this Contract be rendered unlawful by a court of
competent jurisdiction or any legislative act, then the parties shall give effect to the balance
of the agreement to the extent possible.

24. APPLICABLE LAW. This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in

accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any
conflict of law's provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. The Contractor
consents to the jurisdiction of any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any
federal courts in Pennsylvania, waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient
or proper. The Contractor agrees that any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over
it, and consents to service of process in any manner authorized by Pennsylvania law.

Page 15 of 22
