Prior Experience and References

PSECU is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that has been in business over 82 years. Our vision is to
use technology to provide financial services to members virtually anytime, anywhere. PSECU has a
Proven track record in the higher education arena, serving 20-plus colleges and universities where a
key goal is to provide financial education programs. Please refer to page 33 for a map of our current
campus relationships, 11 of which are with Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education

Universities.

PSECU also recognizes that members need somewhere to turn if they have a question. Our student-
staffed center will continue to operate a location on the Bloomsburg campus where students, faculty
and staff can come for assistance with managing their PSECU account. Since 2000, PSECU has deployed
21 of these Financial Education Centers on various university and college campuses across Pennsylvania
in order to provide PSECU with outreach to both current and potential members within the campus
communities. PSECU continues to offer a host of low- or no-fee products to meet the growing needs of

our diverse membership.

At over $4.6 billion in assets, PSECU serves over 400,000 members throughout Pennsylvania, the United
States and across the globe. We currently employ 664 full-time and 137 part-time employees (including

116 interns) in support of our members.

In 1977, PSECU held $6 million in assets and had 19,000 members. At that time PSECU enacted a vision
to use technology that would provide financial services to members virtually anytime, from almost
anywhere. Recognized as a leader in technology, PSECU created a member-centric operation beyond
the traditional branch. A centralized contact center and ATMs became the primary channels to provide
member service and cash to PSECU members. That vision continues today and is reflected in PSECU?s

vision and mission statements.

Our Vision
Our members will recognize us as their trusted financial partner.

Our Mission
To safely and securely provide the best value to our members throughout their lives.

Our Business Model
PSECU?s business model is a branchless, self-service model.
We leverage technology to enhance operating efficiencies to offer the lowest loan rates, highest
deposit rates and lowest fees whenever feasible compared to our competitors, while providing world
class service and the highest level of convenience.

Since the University Development Program?s implementation in 2000, our experience with higher

education partners is evident in that we have successfully negotiated and renegotiated all contracts
that remain in force today. We welcome the opportunity to continue to extend our services to

Bloomsburg University.

Please see page 34 for our list of references.

SS. ee re ee eins AS a ee ie
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe=

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 28 of 38
