Diebold Nixdorf, North Canton, OH
Diebold works with Securitas to maintain our center alarm and DVR equipment within the

center and monitor our ATM network via online software.

Dunbar Armored, Inc. Hunt Valley, MD

Dunbar provides maintenance for our on-campus ATMs.

KINBER, Harrisburg, PA

KINBER supplies the Internet Service that we use as the data connection back to PSECU?s data
centers.

Securitas Electronic Security, Uniontown, OH

Securitas installs and maintains our center alarm equipment, security cameras and DVR
equipment within the center.

Tri-County Telephone Services, Lemoyne, PA

Tri-County performs our data and phone wiring from the university demarc to the campus
center, and all wiring within the center.

PSECU Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

The employment policy of PSECU is to provide equal opportunity to all persons. Our company,
therefore, has made a commitment to equal employment opportunity through a positive and
continuing Affirmative Action Program.

No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against or harassed because of race,
color, religion, national origin, sex, age, General Education Development Certificate (GED), sexual
preference/orientation, otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status, or be subject to sexual

harassment.

In addition, PSECU?s Diversity and Inclusion initiatives provide all employees with equal access to
training and advancement opportunities throughout the organization. This includes not only the use of
internal resources but an opportunity to continue their education through the organization?s Tuition

Reimbursement Program.

To implement these policies, PSECU will continue to:

e Recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job classifications without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual preference/orientation, or otherwise qualified
disabled or veteran status. PSECU does not discriminate on the basis of national origin or
citizenship status as provided under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986;

e Base decisions on employment so as to further the principle of equal employment opportunity;

e Insure that promotion decisions are in accord with the principles of equal employment
opportunity by imposing only valid requirements for promotional opportunities;

e Insure that all personnel actions (including but not limited to compensation, benefits,
transfers, layoffs, return from layoffs, company-sponsored training, education, tuition
assistance, social and recreational programs) are administered without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual preference/orientation, or otherwise qualified

disabled or veteran status.

The Vice President of Human Resources has been designated EEO Coordinator and is responsible for
compliance with state and federal equal employment opportunity laws, and for implementing the
Affirmative Action Program and Diversity and Inclusion initiatives, including equal employment
Practices, monitoring, and internal reporting. Employees believing they have not been treated in
accord with this policy, have had training and advancement opportunities unjustifiably withheld or

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 jee
