managers at PSECU are designed to enhance the student?s knowledge of working for a sizable
corporation and build skills needed to prepare them to enter the professional workforce.
Financial considerations for the student workers include a paid hourly rate that is well above
minimum wage, as well as earned incentives. Student worker schedules are designed to be
flexible as we recognize the priority of their education and that this experience plays only a
part in their total educational experience. Financial Education Center staff members will be
trained to promote PSECU membership on campus, educate the campus community about
our services, promote financial literacy and the tools needed to achieve it, demonstrate how
to use electronic delivery methods and assist in the application process for PSECU
membership and services.

Value Added Services

The Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative. We
exist to serve our members, not to make a profit. Unlike most other financial institutions, credit
unions do not issue equity shares or pay dividends to stockholders. Instead, we strive to return
value to our members in the form of lower loan rates, higher interest on deposits and lower
fees. Our not-for-profit status complements the University business model and educational

philosophy.

Since 2000, we have been forging strong relationships with educational Partners across
Pennsylvania, making strategic investments that benefit all members, including students,
faculty, staff and alumni. We are devoted to giving our members value for a lifetime.

Our shared vision of a Pennsylvania made stronger with a well-educated, financially savvy
workforce rests with every student that arrives on campus. The education that students receive
at Bloomsburg University will help them secure a bright financial future. By teaming up with
PSECU, your University can provide the added value of access to a financial institution that can
make a positive impact on their lives long after they graduate.

Our focus is on engaging the campus community and actively participating in many campus
events and programs. While each location has its own culture and personality, with a campus
program tailored to its specific needs, there are many elements of value that are embraced by

all campus locations:

* Our student-staffed, on-campus Financial Education Centers offer a unique educational,
hands-on, real-life experience of working for an over $4.6 billion financial institution. This
offers the students a flexible schedule that recognizes the importance of their total
academic and co-curricular experience. It also allows your students - trained to help their
peers - manage some of the financial challenges unique to the college experience.

* Our WalletWorks Program is our financial education platform. We have a full-time
Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor on staff to develop financial education
curriculum and materials for students of all ages and stages of their college careers. We
offer an extensive list of student-focused presentations for your campus. See pages 35 - 37
for samples of our WalletWorks Program materials.

*  Low- or no-fee products and services - Because we are good stewards of our members?
money, many of our members can avoid paying fees by adopting good consumer behaviors.
PSECU continues to provide a host of low- or no-fee products and services to meet the
growing needs of our members. We strive to be the most affordable choice for consumers
when it is time to select a financial institution. See Appendix C for our current fee

schedule.

inst pias pe ae ee . =< cetera *
BURFP - RO&?423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGH:

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 6 of 38
