Xl.

Xil.

the ATM. POS transactions do not follow the overdraft transfer service options. The
transaction may be rejected if there are not enough funds in the checking shares.

Monthly Statements to Accountholders

PSECU provides monthly statements on all accounts. Please refer to Attachment 2 for a sample
of our current monthly paper statement format and our commitment to comply with all aspects
of the Electronic Funds Transfer Act (Reg E) which requires a statement be provided for each
month in which a member has an EFT transaction.

Members may elect to discontinue receipt of paper statements and choose to go electronic.
They will receive an email at their address of record notifying them when their account
statements are available in their online account.

PSECU acknowledges that it may enclose marketing materials which have been approved by the
University in these monthly statements.

Reports to Universities

PSECU will continue to provide monthly reports to the University summarizing the transaction
activity and related incentives paid to the University. Please refer to Attachment 3 for a

sample of our monthly reports.

PSECU Marketing Support

PSECU uses multiple channels and messages to reach students, faculty, staff, alumni, family,
and community members. We understand college is about a student becoming who they want
to be and discovering where they want to go. Our message platform for the University program
is ?Be Your Change.? University students are coming of age in a time of heightened awareness
of social responsibility, which is a part of who we are at PSECU. In the same sense as ?joining
the movement,? students are empowered to change, to ?Be Your Change.? Our products and
service messages are interwoven within this modern and relevant key branding platform just

for students.

Below we have outlined our marketing program for the University Program, but we collaborate
with each school to develop a marketing program that is mutually beneficial.

PSECU?s on-campus location and ATMs are the foundation of our campus marketing. We provide
an inviting and modern center where students, faculty and staff or alumni are welcomed and
feel at ease. We display posters, digital displays, brochures and other handouts to
communicate with members and potential members. We also brand our ATMs and integrate
marketing messages within the ATM introductory transaction screens.

We understand athletics are a key part of the college experience, so we like to Participate ina
fun and engaging way. We integrate into the school colors to provide giveaways like pom-poms,
hats, and other ?flare? that also promote the PSECU brand. We also look to support the
University?s athletics program financially by providing athletic sponsorship funding.

We often purchase a variety of campus advertising including school newspaper ads, floor
graphics in bookstores, branded coffee cup sleeves or pizza boxes in school cafeterias, etc.
With students, we know we have to be relevant and engaging, so we also look for opportunities
to engage more directly with students on campus by integrating various ?lifestyle? tactics. .
These tactics include having PSECU Brand Ambassadors reaching out to students and alumni
during key events. Other on or near campus marketing may include PSECU Brand Ambassadors,

a ee ectaern efee r ry
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 18 of 38
