9.

10.

1

aEX

action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or agents or independent
contractors under this Agreement, provided that Credit Union shall not be required
to defend, indemnify or hold SUSSI harmless from SUSSI's own negligence or
wrongful conduct or that of SUSSI's agents, employees or independent contractors.

b) SUSSI shall defend, indemnify and hold Credit Union harmless from and against
all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may
be suffered, incurred, or threatened against Credit Union on account of or
resulting from any actions or omissions of SUSSI, its employees or agents;
provided, however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of SUSSI?s invitees
which involve member account related misconduct.

c) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if any Financial
Educational Center is damaged or destroyed as a result of an insured peril, or a
peril that ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-insured, or if an insured
liability for bodily injury, death, or property damage arises in the Financial
Educational Center, or a liability that ordinarily would be insured if the party is
self-insured, then, whether or not the damage, destruction, bodily injury, death;
or property damage was caused by the negligence of the other party, neither
SUSSI nor Credit Union shall be liable to the other or any insurer of the other with
respect to the insured portion of such damage, destruction, bodily injury, death
or property damage or, if the party is self-insured, the portion of such damage,
destruction, injury, or death that ordinarily would be insured. All policies of
insurance shall contain a provision providing: (1) that the insurer waives its right
of subrogation against the other party hereto with respect to the insured
damage, destruction, bodily injury, death or property damage, except as to any
self-insured or uninsured deductible amount, and (2) that the waiver by the
insurer of its right of subrogation shalt not affect the right of the insured to
recover under any insurance policies; provided, however that if such waiver is
not available or is only available at an additional premium, the insured party
shall give notice to the other party and, in the case of the latter, the other party
shall be given the opportunity to pay the additional premium and obtain the
benefit of the waiver.

Insurance

Credit Union shall maintain insurance on the Financial Educational Center, including,
without limitation, bodily injury, property damage, personal injury, and advertising
injury, in an amount no less than $5,300,000 per occurrence. Credit Union shall
provide SUSSI with a copy of the certificate of Insurance at the time this agreement
is signed and on each annual anniversary date of the Agreement.

Personal Property

The contents of each Financial Educational Center shall remain the property of
Credit Union at all times and shall not be construed as fixtures.

. Regulatory Approval

The Credit Union?s obligation under this Agreement is contingent upon and expressly
subject to the receipt by the Credit Union, in form and substance satisfactory to

Page 6 of 22
