c. Within fifteen (15) days of the mailing date of the determination denying a
claim or within 135 days of filing a claim if, no extension is agreed to by the
parties, whichever occurs first, the Contractor may file a statement of claim
with the Commonwealth Board of Claims. Pending a final judicial resolution
of a controversy or claim, the Contractor shall proceed diligently with the
performance of the Contract in a manner consistent with the determination
of the Contracting Officer and the Commonwealth shall compensate the
Contractor pursuant to the terms of the Contract.

22. AMENDMENTS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the
parties, superseding any other prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements.
Any changes, corrections or additions to this Agreement shall be in writing in the form of
a supplemental agreement signed by all necessary parties and setting forth therein the
proposed change, correction or addition.

2

w

. SEVERABILITY.. Should any term of this Contract be rendered unlawful by a court of
competent jurisdiction or any legislative act, then the parties shall give effect to the
balance of the agreement to the extent possible.

24, APPLICABLE LAW. This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any
conflict of laws provisions) and the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts. The Contractor
consents to the jurisdiction of any court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and any
federal courts in Pennsylvania, waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not
convenient or proper. The Contractor agrees that any such court shall have in personam
jurisdiction over it, and consents to service of process in any manner authorized by
Pennsylvania law.

25, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. In performing the services required by the Contract, the
Contractor will act as an independent Contractor and not as an employee or agent of the
Commonwealth.

26. POST-CONSUMER RECYCLED CONTENT. Except as specifically waived by the
Department of General Services in writing, any products which are provided to the
Commonwealth as a part of the performance of the Contract must meet the minimum
percentage levels for the total recycled content as specified in Exhibits A-1 through A-8
to this Contract.

27. ENVIRONMENTAL PROVISIONS. In the performance of the Contract, the Contractor shall
minimize pollution and shall strictly comply with all applicable environmental laws and
regulations.

28. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. The Contractor shall provide information to the
Commonwealth about the identity and hazards of hazardous substances supplied or used
by the Contractor in the performance of the Contract. The Contractor must comply with
Act 159 of October 5, 1984, known as the ?Worker and Community Right to Know Act?
(the ?Act?) and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto at 4 Pa. Code ? 301.1 et

seq.
a. Labeling. The Contractor shall insure that each individual product (as well as

the carton, container or package in which the product is shipped) of any of
the following substances (as defined by the Act and the regulations) supplied

Page 16 of 24
