begin. As some bankers have said, consumers must ?prepare to pay? for their banking services.
However, PSECU is different. While other financial institutions impose service charges, we?ve adopted
a low- or no-fee structure that provides our members easy access to their money. In addition, PSECU
reimbursed over $5 million in ATM surcharges in 2015. PSECU?s loan rates are priced significantly lower
than bank loan rates in another effort to help students as they start their lives in the workforce.

Contractor qualifications ? PSECU currently serves the student, faculty and staff needs on 21
campuses, including 11 of Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education campuses (four of which
include campus card programs for those schools that have requested card services).

Technological ability ? PSECU is a recognized leader in technology, offering remote banking services,
remote deposit services and other technological features years ahead of many other financial

institutions.

References ? We are pleased to provide references from several of our higher education partners,
including other Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education institutions.

Professional personnel ? PSECU first established our campus program in 2000. With 21 campuses in
operation, we have never lost or failed to renew a relationship. Our references will readily confirm the

professionalism of our staff.

Soundness of approach ? PSECU believes that an important part of our job on campus is to teach
financial literacy and money management skills to our student members. We do this through our
WalletWorks financial education Program product offerings and training sessions that we host on

campus.

Facilities ? PSECU manages a fleet of ATMs on college and university campuses and is prepared to
continue to provide state-of-the-art terminals for Bloomsburg University.

Terms and conditions ? PSECU is familiar with Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education
requirements and will continue to be able to meet Bloomsburg University?s contractual terms.

Cost ? PSECU is prepared to offer Bloomsburg University a generous Proposal, free of many of the
conditions set by other financial institutions.

Partnering initiatives ? Our unique Financial Education Center approach employs interns hired from
the University for staffing, Providing real-world experience for a number of students in the marketing,

sales and finance fields.

PSECU?s proposal is based on our commitment to and support of Bloomsburg University. PSECU?s offer
to the University is not contingent on goals, number of accounts opened or performance. Our offer is
guaranteed to the University. PSECU appreciates the opportunity to participate in this bidding process.

The following is a high-level overview of the services that will be offered at PSECU?s on-campus
Financial Education Center:

* General account questions

* New account openings

* Financial education

* Account issue resolution

* Product and service cross-selling

* Meaningful job experience for Bloomsburg students without leaving campus
* Development of account relationships with students, faculty and staff

During peak account opening times, new student orientations, move-in days, etc., PSECU will provide
additional staff to assist the students and campus community in establishing their PSECU account and

ee sere - _ en *
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 3 of 38
