Jet Packs of lemonade with branded cups, giving away promotional items, or dropping branded
quarters in key spots across campus with our value messaging and more.

It is important to us to be relevant to students while also providing something of value, so we
also target specific student lifecycle opportunities. For example, we have developed branded
school specific maps for incoming first year students, which allow them to find their way
around but also enable us to introduce ourselves within the content. And for seniors, we give
away a comprehensive and fun ?life after school explained.? book, which outlines succinct
financial tips for their life ahead, along with interesting life tips such as which fork to use for
salad at a dinner. We have found success in partnering with the school for school-specific
events such as orientation and graduation. PSECU is willing to be a part of the process, whether
it is a presentation at orientation, an email blast welcoming students, or to support the events
in some other way. Likewise, for graduation, we welcome the opportunity to mail a graduation
gift directly to students to congratulate them on their significant accomplishment.

Because of our business model, digital communications are a core part of our marketing
strategy. We recognize the digital space as a powerful marketing, communication, and
transactional medium. We work to create a consistent and unified experience across all of our
digital channels, delivering content when and where it is needed, while being responsive to
consumers? needs and feedback. We integrate relevant marketing messaging in digital display
ads within our websites, digital applications, social media, email, online banking, and mobile
applications, promoting our new offers, products and services. PSECU has dedicated resources
on our website that focus on students? needs and individual school information. The digital
space allows us to integrate tools and resources to help educate and empower our student
members. We provide financial tips and tools such as online calculators so members can get the
best value and find the optimal financial solutions for their particular situations.

Digital advertising allows us to target audiences utilizing a multi-layer channel while employing
advanced geographic and demographic targeting capabilities. We use a variety of digital
advertising including digital banners, video and audio on sites such as Pandora, Hulu, and other
relevant ad networks that align with PSECU?s target audiences. We also partner with Premium
Video Vendors which serves as the online destination for offline television stations like ABC,
CBS and NBC. Paid search and search engine optimization are also core components of our

digital advertising strategy.

We are active participants on social media and use platforms such as Facebook, Twitter,
YouTube, LinkedIn, etc. We utilize social media to engage directly with our members, letting
them know about key events and new products and services. We also get valuable feedback
from our members so that we can address individual concerns and receive feedback.

PSECU is staffed with talented and experienced marketing professionals. We take great pride in
our work and have won a number of national and global marketing awards. We utilize an in-
house agency approach with our own designers, digital team, marketing research and analytics,
and printing capabilities. This allows us to develop custom, quality materials at a lower cost,
with faster turnaround. We follow a formal marketing process aimed at integrating consumer
research, business goals, testing, and approvals prior to campaign production and launch.
PSECU places great value on consumer testing and often conducts student or faculty and staff
focus groups on campus, if permitted. This allows us to understand preferences, test marketing
pieces in advance and understand opportunities within our overall consumer experience.
PSECU?s University Program marketing planning process outlines key campaigns and marketing
opportunities one semester in advance. (For example, in March, we outline Fall plans; in
October, we map Spring semester plans.) We welcome the school?s input and suggestions at
any point to ensure our marketing and communications are mutually acceptable. We recognize,
too, that the school may want to approve our messages and will gladly integrate that step

within our process.

- eee en? oe pssaeae econ Se nO OE OE ie
BURFP ~- RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGE

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 19 of 38
