provided by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through contracts with
outside contractors.

. The Contractor shall be responsible for and agrees to indemnify and hold

harmless the Commonweaith of Pennsylvania from all losses, damages,
expenses, claims, demands, suits and actions brought by any party against the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a result of the Contractor?s failure to
comply with the provisions of subparagraph (a) above.

16. ASSIGNABILITY AND SUBCONTRACTING.

a.

Subject to the terms and conditions of Paragraph 21, this Contract shall be
binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

The Contractor shall not subcontract with any person or entity to perform all
or any part of the work to be performed under this Contract without the prior
written consent of the Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at
the sole and absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

The Contractor may not assign, in whole or in part, this Contract or its rights,
duties, obligations, or responsibilities hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Contracting Officer, which consent may be withheld at the
sole and absolute discretion of the Contracting Officer.

. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Contractor may, without the consent of

the Contracting Officer, assign its rights to payment to be received under the
Contract, provided that the Contractor provides written notice of such
assignment to the Contracting Officer together with a written
acknowledgement from the assignee that any such payments are subject to
all of the terms and conditions of this Contract.

For the purposes of this Contract, the term ?assign? shall include, but shall
not be limited to, the sale, gift, assignment, pledge, or other transfer of any
ownership interest in the Contractor, provided, however, that the term shall
not apply to the sale or other transfer of stock of a publicly traded company.

Any assignment consented to by the Contracting Officer shall be evidenced by
a written assignment agreement executed by the Contractor and its assignee
in which the assignee agrees to be legally bound by all of the terms and
conditions of the Contract and to assume the duties, obligations, and
responsibilities being assigned.

A change of name by the Contractor, following which the Contractor?s federal
identification number remains unchanged, shall not be considered to be an
assignment hereunder. The Contractor shall give the Contracting Officer
written notice of any such change of name.

17. NONDISCRIMINATION/SEXUAL HARASSMENT CLAUSE.

During the term of the Contract, Contractor agrees as follows:

a.

Page 12 of 24

In the hiring of any employees for the manufacture of supplies, performance
of work, or any other activity required under the Contract or any subcontract,

a
