with written assurance of such destruction upon the written request of PSECU. Acceptable means
of destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable
software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies
and backups so that no Information is readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities
regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16. SECURITY BREACH NOTICE. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, KUF
agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions,
or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of
PSECU or its members. KUF agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the
effect of the breach on PSECU, and any specific corrective action KUF will be taking in response
to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to PSECU within 24 hours of recognition of said breach, loss
or theft of information or information storage.

17. NOTICE. Copy of any notice must be provided to the Corporate Legal Services Department.
Acceptable notice: personal delivery, first-class or certified mail with return receipt requested or
overnight delivery. Not acceptable: facsimile or electronic message notice.

Address: Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
c/o Corporate Legal Services
1500 Elmerton Ave
Harrisburg, Pa 17110

18. NON-DISCRIMINATION. KUF and its subcontractor(s) shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR ??
60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified
individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and
prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national
origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors
take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

PSECU/KUF Credit Card Agreement
Page 7 of 8
