PSECU is federally insured through the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).
NCUA, governed by a three-member board appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate, is the independent federal agency that regulates, charters and supervises
federal credit unions. NCUA, with the backing of the full faith and credit of the U.S.
government, operates and manages the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund,
insuring the deposits of more than 100 million account holders in all federal credit unions
and the overwhelming majority of state-chartered credit unions. Please refer to
Attachment 8 for a copy of our NCUA Certificate of Insurance.

In addition, PSECU is a participating Depository Financial Institution (DFI) in the
Automated Clearing House (ACH) Network that both receives and originates a range of
ACH transactions for its membership to include: Direct Deposit, Direct Debit and online
payments through a direct relationship with the Federal Reserve System.

Marketing Support

The Financial Institution will provide marketing support. The Financial Institution

will assist the College in promoting the program to students by supplying printed
material, making personal presentations on all campuses, and/or through other commonly
used marketing methods. All marketing efforts must be approved and coordinated with
the Community College of Philadelphia. In addition, ?all marketing

material must clearly state students have the right to choose their banking relationship.
Students with existing bank accounts can continue to use them?.

PSECU response:

PSECU welcomes the support of CCP to assist in marketing our on-campus program. We
look forward to having exclusivity to market our financial services on the four campuses
of CCP for the term of the contract.

At PSECU, we want our members to recognize us as their trusted partner, providing the
most affordable products and exceptional service. We take great pride in providing value
to our members through competitive rates, low- or no-fee products and services, and
peace of mind with state of the art security ? all via convenient 24/7 online access. That?s
the core of our marketing strategy, which encompasses a variety of tactics to reach our
various target groups.

For our University Program specifically, we use multiple channels and messages to reach
students, and also faculty and staff, alumni, family, and community members. We
understand college is about becoming who you want to be and discovering where you
want to go, so our message platform for the University Program is ?Be Your Change.?
College students are coming of age in a time of heightened awareness of social
responsibility, which is a part of who we are at PSECU. In the same sense as ?joining the
movement,? students are empowered to change, to ?Be Your Change.? Our products and
service messages are interwoven within this modern and relevant key branding platform,
just for students.

Below we have outlined our marketing program for the University Program, but we
collaborate with each school to develop a marketing program that is mutually beneficial.

It is very important to us that we are a prominent part of the campus community, as well.

Thus our marketing program encompasses a variety of on-campus components

customized to the individual school. Of course, PSECU?s on campus location and ATMs

are the foundation of our campus marketing. We provide an inviting and modern center
29
