Updated 03-10-17
Contract Inquiry No.

civil anti-trust investigation by any federal, state or local prosecuting
or investigative agency.

If Contractor cannot so certify to the above, then it must submit along with its
bid, proposal or contract a written explanation of why such certification cannot be made and the
Commonwealth will determine whether a contract may be entered into with the Contractor. The
Contractor?s obligation pursuant to this certification is ongoing from and after the effective date
of the contract through the termination date thereof. Accordingly, the Contractor shall have an
obligation to immediately notify the Commonwealth in writing if at any time during the term of
the contract it becomes aware of any event which would cause the Contractor?s certification or
explanation to change. Contractor acknowledges that the Commonwealth may, in its sole
discretion, terminate the contract for cause if it learns that any of the certifications made herein
are currently false due to intervening factual circumstances or were false or should have been
known to be false when entering into the contract.

6) Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the Lobbying
Disclosure Act (65 Pa.C.S. ?13A01 et seq.) regardless of the method
of award. If this contract was awarded on a Non-bid Basis,
Contractor must also comply with the requirements of the Section
1641 of the Pennsylvania Election Code (25 P.S. ?3260a).

7) When Contractor has reason to believe that any breach of ethical
standards as set forth in law, the Governor?s Code of Conduct, or
these Contractor Integrity Provisions has occurred or may occur,
including but not limited to contact by a Commonwealth officer or
employee which, if acted upon, would violate such ethical standards,
Contractor shall immediately notify the Commonwealth contracting
officer or the Office of the State Inspector General in writing.

8) Contractor, by submission of its bid or proposal and/or execution of
this contract and by the submission of any bills, invoices or requests
for payment pursuant to the contract, certifies and represents that it
has not violated any of these Contractor Integrity Provisions in
connection with the submission of the bid or proposal, during any
contract negotiations or during the term of the contract, to include
any extensions thereof. Contractor shall immediately notify the
Commonwealth in writing of any actions for occurrences that would
result in a violation of these Contractor Integrity Provisions.
Contractor agrees to reimburse the Commonwealth for the
reasonable costs of investigation incurred by the Office of the State
Inspector General for investigations of the Contractor?s compliance
with the terms of this or any other agreement between the Contractor
and the Commonwealth that results in the suspension or debarment
of the Contractor. Contractor shall not be responsible for
investigative costs for investigations that do not result in the
Contractor?s suspension or debarment.

9) Contractor shall cooperate with the Office of the State Inspector

General in its investigation of any alleged Commonwealth agency or
employee breach of ethical standards and any alleged Contractor

Page 11 of 24
