Contractor shall immediately notify the Commonwealth in writing of any
actions for occurrences that would result in a violation of these
Contractor Integrity Provisions. Contractor agrees to reimburse the
Commonwealth for the reasonable costs of investigation incurred by the
Office of the State Inspector General for investigations of the Contractor?s
compliance with the terms of this or any other agreement between the
Contractor and the Commonwealth that results in the suspension or
debarment of the Contractor. Contractor shall not be responsible for
investigative costs for investigations that do not result in the Contractor?s
suspension or debarment.

(9) Contractor shall cooperate with the Office of the State Inspector General
in its investigation of any alleged Commonwealth agency or employee
breach of ethical standards and any alleged Contractor non-compliance
with these Contractor Integrity Provisions. Contractor agrees to make
identified Contractor employees available for interviews at reasonable
times and places. Contractor, upon the inquiry or request of an Inspector
General, shall provide, or if appropriate, make promptly available for
inspection or copying, any information of any type or form deemed
relevant by the Office of the State Inspector General to Contractor's
integrity and compliance with these provisions. Such information may
include, but shall not be limited to, Contractor's business or financial
records, documents or files of any type or form that refer to or concern
this contract. Contractor shall incorporate this paragraph in any
agreement, contract or subcontract it enters into in the course of the
performance of this contract/agreement solely for the purpose of
obtaining subcontractor compliance with this provision. The incorporation
of this provision in a subcontract shall not create privity of contract
between the Commonwealth and any such subcontractor, and no third
party beneficiaries shall be created thereby.

(10) For violation of any of these Contractor Integrity Provisions, the
Commonwealth may terminate this and any other contract with
Contractor, claim liquidated damages in an amount equal to the value of
anything received in breach of these Provisions, claim damages for all
additional costs and expenses incurred in obtaining another contractor to
complete performance under this contract, and debar and suspend
Contractor from doing business with the Commonwealth. These rights and
remedies are cumulative, and the use or non-use of any one shall not
preclude the use of all or any other. These rights and remedies are in
addition to those the Commonwealth may have under law, statute,
regulation, or otherwise.

15. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT.

Page 11 of 24

a. Pursuant to federal regulations promulgated under the authority of the
Americans with Disabilities Act, 28 C.F.R. ? 35.101, et seq., the Contractor
understands and agrees that it shall not cause any individual with a disability
to be excluded from participation in this Contract or from activities provided
for under this Contract on the basis of the disability. As a condition of
accepting this Contract,.the Contractor agrees to comply with the ?General
Prohibitions Against Discrimination,? 28 C.F.R. ? 35.130, and alt other
regulations promulgated under Title I! of the Americans with Disabilities Act
which are applicable to all benefits, services, programs, and activities

