AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) made and entered into this 27" day of May, 2015, by and
between COMMUNITY COLLEGE OF PHILADELPHIA (?College?) and Pennsylvania State
Employees Credit Union (PSECU), (?Contractor? or ?Credit Union?)

WITNESSETH

The College has received a Proposal from Contractor dated the 13" day of March, 2015 and any
attachments or addenda thereto and is desirous of engaging the Contractor to perform the
services described therein (the ?Services?) under the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

i; The College hereby engages Contractor and the Contractor agrees to provide
Services described in the Proposal. The term of said Agreement shall be for Five (5)
years, beginning on the 27th day of May, 2015 and continuing through the 26th day
of May, 2020 (the ?Initial Term?) subject to the performance by the Parties hereto
as further detailed in the Agreement, the RFP, and the Proposal. Following the
expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for two
successive one-year renewal periods (each a ?Renewal Term?), unless either party
notifies the other party, in writing, of its intent to terminate the Agreement. Any
notice under this Agreement must be sent via certified mail, and the effective date
of such termination shall be not less than thirty (30) days from the date of such
notice. Notice shall be sent to the respective address of the other party as follows: .

The College -
Community College of Philadelphia
Controller?s Office, Room M1-7
1700 Spring Garden Street
Philadelphia, PA 19130

Contractor ?

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
Corporate Legal Services Department

1500 Elmerton Avenue

Harrisburg, PA 17110

2. The terms of The College's original Request for Proposal #9874 dated the 9 day of
February, 2015 and related addenda (?RFP?), and Contractor's Proposal, which is Contractor's
response to the RFP, are incorporated herein by reference and both Contractor and The College
agree to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of both, which are attached

Page 1

