Community College of Philadelphia
1700 Spring Garden Street, M1-4
Philadelphia, PA 19130

openings which the Supplier proposes to fill from regularly established
?recall? lists.
c.?*Opening which the Supplier proposes to fill pursuant to a customary
and traditional employer-union hiring arrangement?? means employment
openings which the supplier proposes to fill from union halls, which is
part of the customary and traditional hiring relationship which exists
between the Supplier and representative of its employees.
The Supplier agrees to comply with the rules, regulations, and relevant orders of
the Secretary of Labor issued pursuit to the Act.
In the event of the Supplier?s noncompliance with the requirements of this
clause, actions for noncompliance may be taken in accordance with the rules,
regulations, and relevant orders of the Secretary of Labor issued pursuant to the
Act.
The Supplier agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and
applicants for employment, notices in a form to be prescribed by the Director,
provided by or through the contracting officer. Such notice shall state the
Supplier?s obligation under the law to take affirmative action to employ and
advance in employment qualified disabled veterans and veterans of the Vietnam
era for employment, and the rights of applicants and employees.

. The Supplier will notify each labor union or representative of workers with

which it has a collective bargaining agreement or other contract understanding,
that the Supplier is bound by the terms of the Vietnam Era Veterans
Readjustment Assistance Act, and is committed to take affirmative action to
employ and advance in employment qualified disabled veterans and veterans of
the Vietnam Era.

. The Supplier will include the provisions of this clause in every subcontract or

purchase order of $10,000 or more unless exempted by rules, regulations, or
orders of the Secretary issued pursuant to the Act, so that such provisions will be
binding upon each (Sub Financial Institution or Financial Institution). The
Supplier will take such action with respect to any subcontract or purchase order
as the Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs may
direct to enforce such provisions, including action for noncompliance.
