Service Access/Coordination for Effective Member Service

At PSECU, we want our members to recognize us as their trusted financial partner, providing the most
affordable products and exceptional service. We take great pride in providing value to our members.
PSECU is committed to providing excellent service and a convenient on-campus location on the
Millersville University campus. It is paramount to us that we are a part of the campus community, and
we encourage all members to visit our campus location. Our friendly, knowledgeable staff will answer
any questions and assist in resolving all complaints with members and non-members.

PSECU recognizes that members, particularly the student population, need somewhere to turn if they
have a question. PSECU?s call centers are available 73 hours a week to assist members through our
nationwide toll-free phone number, 800.237.7328. Members who are speech or hearing impaired may
call our Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TDD) at 800.472.1967 nationwide for assistance.

PSECU cardholders have the ability to report lost and stolen cards via our toll-free number 24 hours per
day, 7 days a week. Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 toll-free nationwide during PSECU's hours
of operation to report a card lost or stolen and have a new card issued. After business hours, the
member can call 800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen cards can be reported by anyone
(i.e. non-cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member will need to speak to PSECU to have a new card
issued.

Members and non-members may also search PSECU?s online knowledgebase for answers to frequently
asked questions, virtually anytime, anywhere. Members can also email comments, questions and
suggestions through our website at psecu.com.

Value Added Services

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative. We exist to serve
our members. Unlike most other financial institutions, credit unions do not issue equity shares or pay
dividends to stockholders. Instead, we strive to return value to our members in the form of lower loan
rates, higher interest on deposits and lower fees. Our not-for-profit status complements the University
business model and educational philosophy.

Since 2000, we have been forging strong relationships with educational institutions across Pennsylvania,
making strategic investments that benefit all members, including students, faculty, staff and alumni.
We are devoted to giving our members value for a lifetime.

Our shared vision of a Pennsylvania made stronger with a well-educated, financially savvy workforce
rests with every student that arrives on campus. The education that students receive at Millersville will
help them secure a bright financial future. By teaming up with PSECU, the University can provide the
added value of access to a financial institution that can make a positive impact on their students? lives
long after they graduate.

Our focus is on engaging the campus community and actively participating in many campus events and
programs. While each location has its own culture and personality with a Campus Program tailored to its
specific needs, there are many elements of value that are embraced by all campus locations:

* Our student-staffed on-campus Financial Education Centers offer a unique educational,
hands-on, real-life experience of working for an over $4.6 billion financial institution. This
offers the students a flexible schedule that recognizes the importance of their total academic

REP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES . PCF

Technical Proposal | Page 14 of 34

7
3

