11. Central Fire sprinkler systems

12. CCP has emergency power available for the building safety systems. The vendor is
required to provide any UPS systems or isolation devices required for protection of
electronic equipment.

13. The lighting, painting / wall finishes, and flooring used in the facility must be pre-
approved by the CCP Facilities Management Department.

14. All facility modification must be done with technicians appropriately licensed in the
City of Philadelphia to perform required scope. Union labor is expected.

15. Hot work must be pre-approved prior to beginning any required work.

16. Facility modifications must be supervised by an OSHA competent individual and
deliver a safety plan for modifications to CCP designee before work begins.
Construction barriers must be in-place at all times the building is occupied.

17. At all times during the modifications, dust control must be in-place and all debris must
be removed from the area daily. There is no provision for contractor supplied dumpster
or shared use of CCP dumpsters. CCP is occupied from 7:30 AM to 11:00 PM daily
and 7:30 AM to 4:00 PM on Saturdays. Bidders should consider performing
modifications during the hours of 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM.

18. Delivery of equipment and materials must be scheduled for unloading at the 16th Street
loading dock. All receiving, storage and security for materials are the responsibility of
the bidder. ?Lay-down? space is limited to within the floor space to be occupied.

All workmanship must be done in accordance with all applicable, local, state and federal
code / standards and receive final acceptance, of the completed modifications, by the CCP
Facilities Department.

PSECU response:
Acknowledge and comply.

Per ADDENDUM No. | dated 2/27/2015, PSECU will agree to pay CCP annually
$22.50/square foot for the space occupied for the Financial Education Center which is
approximately 350 square feet. Payment structure will be negotiated between PSECU and
CCP.

In addition to the above requirements, PSECU typically works with our partner schools
where work is being performed to determine if the institution has a preference on selection
of sub-contractors for work on their campus.

References

The Financial Institution should provide a list of at least three different clients for whom
the Financial Institution has provided similar banking/financial services. References will
need to include the present length of service and should be identified with the name of the
customer shown, address, and telephone number of the responsible official of the customer,
company, or agency who may be contacted.

PSECU response:
PSECU is pleased to offer CCP the following references:

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus
Current Contract Term: 5/15/2010 ? 5/14/2015

(ATM, Financial Education Center)

Mr. John M. Eberly

21
