TECHNICAL PROPOSAL

California University RFP #CAL P17-01
Personal Banking Services

PENNSYLVANIA STATE EMPLOYEES CREDIT UNION (PSECU)
1500 ELMERTON AVENUE
HARRISBURG PENNSYLVANIA 17110

Statement of the Problem

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU) seeks to continue its longstanding relationship as
California University of Pennsylvania?s (California/University) on-campus provider of student and
employee financial and ATM services for a period of five (5) years.

This will be achieved through continuing our on-campus presence at our Financial Education Center
located in the Natali Student Center, as well as through continuing to provide ATM services to the
campus community at several locations. In addition, continuing with current practice, once a student
member?s account is established, he/she will be able to link their CAL Student ID Card to their PSECU

financial account.

PSECU currently serves over 400,000 members who are located across the world, through online
banking, mobile banking and our call centers. PSECU?s proposal to California includes support and
technology for all our members? financial services accounts, including an ATM/debit card available to

all members.

PSECU?s proposal includes revenue to the University as outlined in our Cost Proposal.

Management Summary

PSECU proposes to provide consumer financial services as set forth in this RFP response. Our proposed
relationship to provide ATM services, debit card and student/employee banking solutions includes our
commitment to the following:

PSECU will continue to operate an educational/member service center (Financial Education Center) on
campus. The center will be open approximately 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday, following
the current academic schedule. PSECU will commit to employing a full-time community manager, and
student management interns and student interns will continue to be hired from the University student
body to operate the center. Students who become PSECU members will be able to conveniently link
their Student ID card to their PSECU financial account through an easy, online process.

The January 2016 issue of Consumer Reports included the results of a 2014 banking survey. PSECU was
rated second highest among all banking institutions represented in the survey based on several factors
including overall satisfaction, member service provided, effective communications with members,
member complaints, and fee structure. Please see page 34 for a copy of the ratings for the top-rated
credit unions. PSECU outranked all other Pennsylvania-based financial institutions represented in the
survey. PSECU has always been a member-owned, not-for-profit credit union for people and about
people. The results of this independent survey reflect our ongoing commitment to provide the best
value in products and services throughout our members? lives.

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 es |
