United States mail, certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or in
the case of overnight courier services, one business day after delivery to the
overnight courier service with payment provided for, or in the case of facsimile,
upon written confirmation of receipt from the receiving party. Either party may
from time-to-time change its address as set forth below by notifying the other party
of its new address in writing.

16. Assignment

Credit Union shall not assign this Agreement other than as permitted in this Section
without the prior written consent of Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
prevent Credit Union, without Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus?s consent, from assigning any of Credit Union rights under this Agreement to
any wholly owned subsidiary of Credit Union, or the surviving entity of any merger or
consolidation of Credit Union or any wholly owned subsidiary. Harrisburg Area
Community College, Lancaster Campus shall not assign this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Credit Union under this Agreement, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld.

17. Confidential member information

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees, acknowledges,
and recognizes that PSECU is a highly regulated financial institution under a
strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any ?Confidential Member Information?. Confidential
Member Information shall specifically include all non-public member data,
account or personal information, such as account numbers, access codes,
account ownership and names of account owners, account owner email
addresses, demographic information, and financial transactions conducted
within those accounts. Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus
will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Member
Information which it receives during the ordinary course of conducting business
with PSECU or otherwise, unless it receives prior written consent from PSECU
following notice given to PSECU by Harrisburg Area Community College,
Lancaster Campus specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with
whom it will be shared and the reason permission to disclose is being requested.
Any Confidential Member Information received by Harrisburg Area Community
College, Lancaster Campus, or any PSECU-approved recipients, may be used
only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and
responsibilities regarding Confidential Member Information as herein stated shall
survive indefinitely the termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees and promises to destroy any
Confidential Member Information that it has received or obtained from PSECU,
including any copies, immediately upon receiving written notice from PSECU to

Page 10 of 18
10
