Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus Financial Educational Center

This Finacial Educational Center Agreement (this ?Agreement?) is entered into as of-
P20 A72)2015 between Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (?Credit Union?). For the consideration set
forth below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Use of Space

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus agrees to lease to Credit Union
certain interior wall and floor space for the use by the Credit Union as an Financial
Educational Center at the location listed on Attachment A, attached hereto, which
may be revised from time-to-time by mutual agreement. Northampton Community
College, Monroe Campus represents that the location identified in Attachment A
includes all Financial Educational Centers which are currently operating or planned for
opening. Financial Educational Center, as used here, will include any financial service
facility or staff presence. Each Financial Educational Center established on
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus property shall be subject to this
Agreement.

2. Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the initial Financial Educational Center shall be located on the
Monroe campus of Northampton Community College. As to any Financial Educational
Center (or anything that would compete, in Credit Unions sole discretion, with Credit
Union services) contemplated in the future, Northampton Community College, Monroe
Campus shall have the right to offer such an arrangement to any third party provided
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus first provides Credit Union with not
less than 30 days? notice to Credit Union, during which time Credit Union shall have the
option to provide a Financial Educational Center under the terms and conditions
hereof. If Credit Union fails to exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period,
Credit Union?s rights with regard to that future Financial Educational Center shall
cease. Credit Union agrees that Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus has
the option to invite other Financial Institutions onto campus once per semester, but
that such invitation shall not intrude upon or interfere with the operations of Credit
Union?s Financial Educational Center.

3. Term 9
Joly p23
a) The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years, commencing on=?-+74- (the
?Commencement Date?) and terminating ONS IAA ee ?Initial Term?).
'X 207 @&

b) Within Ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the parties agree
to mutually renegotiate the terms of the Agreement for an additional term of two
(2) years. In the absence of an agreement Credit Union shall have the option to
continue this Agreement from month-to-month for a period not to exceed six (6)
months and shall have the option to renew upon any other terms which
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus indicates in writing to Credit
Union it intends to accept from a third party.

Page 1 of 18
