THIS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (the ?Agreement?), is entered into the 26 Gay of

~ou , 201%, (the "Effective Date") by and between Central Penn Alumni Association,
with a mailing address of PO Box 309, Summerdale, PA 17039 and physically located at 600 Valley Road,
Summerdale, PA 17039 (hereafter referred to as ?CPAA"), and Pennsylvania State Employees Credit
Union, with a mailing address of, PO Box 67013, Harrisburg, PA 17106-7013 and physically located at 1500
Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, PA 17110-2900 (?PSECU?) (together, the ?Parties?, or individually, a
?Party?).

WHEREAS, the CPAA desires to promote products and services offered by PSECU; and,

WHEREAS, CPAA will provide PSECU with promotional/marketing opportunities, including the
opportunity to speak to attendees/participants at events.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1. RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND CPAA. PSECU and CPAA, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth below, shall perform the following specified duties:

a) PSECU & CPAA agree to meet a minimum of annually and not less than 30 days prior to the
contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan for the
upcoming contract year. The marketing and outreach plan is intended to focus on tactical
ways to reach members of the CPAA for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts agreed upon
for the year will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products and
services to members of the CPAA. PSECU will compensate CPAA for new memberships and
products and services generated through these marketing and outreach efforts that are
qualified for PSECU membership through CPAA eligibility. Detail of the compensation
schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or
inclusive of: email on behalf of PSECU to the CPAA members or targeted portions of the
CPAA, social media posting or linking of PSECU material or commentary on social media, co-
branding of printed material, co-branded give away, inclusion of articles or marketing in e-
newsletters, advertisement or links on the CPAAs website, mailings sent to CPAA members,
mailing lists provided by the CPAA, marketing material at CPAA events, attendance at CPAA
events, listing PSECU as an alumni benefit in printed material.

b

c) CPAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks),
logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively, the ?IP") of
each respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may
not be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website,
framed, deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior
written permission of the owner of such IP.

2. TERM. The Effective Date for this Agreement is January 1, 2018and will end December 31, 2022.

3. TERMINATION. Under this Agreement, either party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
for convenience if the terminating party determines such action to be in its own best interest.
Such termination shall be effective upon sixty (60) days advance written notice provided to the
other party. PSECU shall accept applications for CPAA members as within PSECU?s field of
membership. PSECU retains all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member accounts and
identifying information, which shall continue following termination of this Agreement.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY. CPAA and PSECU agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that CPAA has a
responsibility for confidentiality of its member?s data and PSECU is a highly regulated financial
institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member
records, specifically any ?Confidential Information". Confidential Information shall specifically
include all non-public member data, account or personal information, such as account numbers,

PSECU/CPAA Sponsorship Agreement
Page 1 of 5
