10.

11.

12.

13.

14,

15.

third party based upon indemnifying Party's failure to make any payment to such customer,
employee or other third party; and (d) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands,
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, and any reasonable attorney's fees, consultant's fees
or court costs incident to any of the foregoing, except for any loss due to the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the other party or its agents or employees. This section shall not limit the
liability of either party for damages for breach of this Agreement.

NOTICE. Notices under this Agreement shall be provided to the other party by personal delivery,
first-class or certified mail with return receipt requested or overnight delivery at the addresses

shown below.

If to WCUAA: _ West Chester University Alumni Association
Attn: Deborah Cornell Naughton
202 Carter Drive
West Chester, PA 19382

If to PSECU: Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union
c/o Corporate Legal Services
1500 Elmerton Ave
Harrisburg, Pa 17110

NON-DISCRIMINATION. The Parties and any subcontractor(s) shall abide by the requirements of 41
CFR ?? 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against
qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and
prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national
origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take
affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.

FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party will incur any liability to the other if its performance of any
obligation under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by causes beyond its control and without
the fault or negligence of that party. Causes beyond a party's control include, but are not limited
to, acts of God, warfare, terrorism, changes in controlling law or regulations, orders of or the
requirements of any governmental entity, severe weather conditions, civil disorders, natural
disasters, fire, epidemics and quarantines, general strikes, and any public utility or Internet failure.

SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to the maximum
extent to which it is valid and enforceable as determined by such court in such action, and the
remaining provisions of the Agreement will, nevertheless, continue in full force and effect without

being impaired or invalidated in any way.

APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without regard to any conflict of
law provisions). Each Party consents to the jurisdiction of any court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and any federal courts in Pennsylvania, waiving any claim or defense that such forum
is not convenient or proper.

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. In performing the services required by the Agreement, each Party
will act as an Independent Contractor. Neither Party shall act or have the authority to bind the
other to any third person nor otherwise to act in any manner as the agent or representative of the
other.

INTEGRATION AND AMENDMENTS. The Agreement, including all exhibits, constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties. No agent, representative, employee or officer of either WCUAA
or of PSECU has the authority to make, or has made, any statement, agreement or representation,
oral or written, in connection with the Agreement, which in any way can be deemed to modify, add

PSECU/WCUAA Affinity Sponsorship Agreement
Page 3 of 6
