14, RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSECU AND KUF. PSECU & KUF agree to meet a minimum of annually and not
less than 30 days prior to the contract anniversary to create a mutually agreed upon marketing and
outreach plan for the upcoming contract year. The marketing and outreach plan is intended to focus
on tactical ways to reach members of the KUF for PSECU?s marketing efforts. The efforts agreed
upon for the year will be intended to create awareness of PSECU and offer PSECU products and
services to members of the KUF. PSECU will compensate KUF for new memberships and products and
services generated through these marketing and outreach efforts that are qualified for PSECU
membership through KUF eligibility. Detail of the compensation schedule is outlined in Exhibit 1.

The mutually agreed upon marketing and outreach plan may include but is not limited to or inclusive
of: email on behalf of PSECU to the KUF members or targeted portions of the KUF, social media
posting or linking of PSECU material or commentary on social media, co-branding of printed material,
co-branded give away, inclusion of articles or marketing in e-newsletters, advertisement or links on
the KUFs website, mailings sent to KUF members, mailing lists provided by the KUF, marketing
material at KUF events, attendance at KUF events, listing PSECU as an alumni benefit in printed
material, PSECU listed as event sponsor for major alumni events.

KUF shall not deny PSECU reasonable marketing access to its members.

KUF and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks), logos, trade
dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of each respective
Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may not be copied for
commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website, framed, deep linked to, or
otherwise redistributed in any form without the express prior written permission of the owner of

such IP.

15. INDEMNIFICATION. From and after the date of this Agreement, each party (the "Indemnifying
Party") shall indemnify, defend and hold the other party (the ?Indemnified Party"), all its
corporate parents, subsidiaries and Affiliates and all of its and their employees, subcontractors,
agents, officers, directors and shareholders harmless against: (a) any and all out-of-pocket
expenses or losses, liabilities, damages, costs or other direct expenses or claims or counterclaims
of third persons or entities directly related or attributable to (i) the Indemnifying Party's or its
agent's or employee's violation (or act causing the other party to be in violation) of any state or
federal law or regulation, or such parties? willful misconduct; (ii) the Indemnifying Party's breach
of any covenant or warranty made by the Indemnifying Party in this Agreement; (iii) any
material misrepresentation of Indemnifying Party in this Agreement or any material
misrepresentation in or omission from any document, certificate or information furnished or to
be furnished by Indemnifying Party under this Agreement; and (iv) any products or services
offered, provided, manufactured, marketed, distributed, advertised, promoted or issued by or on
behalf of Indemnifying Party or based upon use of the Licensed marks or on behalf of Indemnifying
Party; (b) any losses due to any fraudulent activity on the part of any employee or agent of
Indemnifying Party; (c) any claims brought by any [Indemnified] Party's customer, employee or
third party based upon Indemnifying Party's failure to make any payment to such customer,
employee or other third party; and {d) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands,
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses, and any reasonable attorney's fees, consultant's fees
or court costs incident to any of the foregoing, except for any loss due to the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of the other party or its agents or employees. This section shall not limit the
liability of either party for damages for breach of this Agreement.

16. CONFIDENTIALITY. The KUF agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that PSECU is a highly regulated
financial institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its
member records, specifically any ?Confidential Information". Confidential Information shall
specifically include all non-public member data, account or personal information, such as account
numbers, access codes, account ownership and names of account owners, account owners email
addresses, demographic information and financial transactions conducted within those accounts;
any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory
lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the public;
scientific or technical information, including hardware information, system descriptions and
recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer hardware, software or other

PSECU/KUF Sponsorship Agreement
Page 5 of 9
