Personnel

PSECU promotes a quality, safe and healthy work environment and affords equal opportunity, respect
for individuals and their rights and freedoms. These principles are best exemplified in PSECU?s
corporate operating principles: ?We Operate with PRIDE - Partnership, Reliability, Improvement,
Dedication, and Ethics.? PSECU utilizes staff talent and interest to become actively involved in the
campus community, providing financial and human capital resources for the betterment of the

Campuses we serve.

Direct support for the administration of the University Program will come from the Senior Director of
Membership Development, Director of University Development, University Development Manager and
two program Administrative Managers. Direct support for the marketing, research and communication
of the program will come from the Assistant Vice President of Marketing and Communication, Director
of Research and Database, Public Relations Director, Senior Marketing Manager, a Marketing Manager,
Creative Manager and Digital/Web Manager. In addition, the Vice President of Marketing and
Membership Development is highly involved in the strategic direction of the University Program.

The proposed team members from PSECU that would have direct involvement and oversee this project
include the key individuals listed below. With over 330 combined years of service at PSECU, these
professionals offer extensive knowledge and experience, which provides a great benefit to the
relationship. All PSECU individuals listed work out of our Main Office located in Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania, except for the California Community Manager who works out of the California University
Financial Education Center and our University Development Manager in the Western Region who works
out of our Edinboro University Financial Education Center.

Their brief profiles are included below.

Gregory A. Smith, PSECU President

Greg Smith has worked for credit unions for over 40 years, including serving as President and CEO of
Michigan State University Federal Credit Union for three years. As PSECU President, his responsibilities
include general administrative oversight of the credit union. Greg?s understanding of technology and
his quest for finding ways to improve overall credit union productivity have contributed to numerous
RFPs for various projects. He has specifically reviewed many of the RFPs for PSECU?s existing campus
locations. Greg serves on the Board of Directors of the Credit Union Executives Society and on several
committees for the Pennsylvania Credit Union Association. Greg has 26 years of service with PSECU.

Barbara J. Bowker, PSECU Vice President, Marketing and Membership Development

In addition to Marketing, Barb Bowker has held a number of positions in various departments ranging
from Information Technology to Member Services. As Vice President of Marketing and Membership
Development, she oversees the marketing and communication efforts for the credit union and devises
strategies to position PSECU in the marketplace. In addition, she oversees Membership Development,
which includes the University Development and Business Development programs. Barb oversees the RFP
responses related to the University Development program. Her career at PSECU has afforded her the
opportunity to become very involved in the community. Barb currently serves as Chair of the Capital
Region American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Board, and is Secretary of the
Harrisburg Regional Chamber of Commerce Board. She is the Assistant Treasurer of Pennsylvania?s State
System of Higher Education Foundation, and serves on the boards of the Pennsylvania Chamber of
Business and Industry, and the Chamber of Business and Industry of Centre County. Barb holds a
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Shippensburg University. A 2012 graduate of
Leadership Harrisburg, she has 30 years of service with PSECU.

Richard L. Long, PSECU Vice President, Information Technology Services

Rick Long currently oversees the following specialized Information Technology (iT) areas: network and
telecommunication services; programming; database services; business continuity; information
security; project management; help desk; desktop personal computer support; computer operations;
and e-commerce services. His IT expertise has contributed to past RFPs for a document management

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 Ped
