Attachment E

PSECU acknowledges receipt and compliance of the
following Policy from SUSSI

SHIPPENSBURG UNIVERSITY STUDENT SERVICES, INC.
Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy

Purpose

To create an environment free of sexual harassment as governed by Title IX of the
Education Amendments of 1972 which prohibits sex discrimination in education, Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 which prohibits sex discrimination in employment,
the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, and their underlying regulations.

Scope

Applies to all employees of Shippensburg University Student Services, Inc. (SUSSI),
students, and individuals who have a contractual relationship with SUSSI, including,
but not limited to vendors and contractors.

Objective

SUSSI is committed to creating an environment free from unlawful discrimination and
harassment based upon an individual?s gender for all of its employees, students, and
those having a contractual relationship with SUSSI.

Definitions

1. Sexual harassment: A form of sex discrimination occurring when there is
deliberate or repeated use of sexual comments, attempted physical contact, or
actual physical contact including sexual violence in the workplace or academic
environment that creates a hostile environment for the recipient.

a. Quid Pro Quo: ?Quid pro quo? is a Latin term that implies a trade off, ?this for
that? or ?something for something.? The harassment occurs when a job, job
benefit, or support of student activities is directly linked to a subordinate?s, co-
worker's, or student's willingness to grant or deny sexual favors.

b. Hostile Environment: ?Hostile environment? harassment is unwelcome
conduct of a sexual nature that creates an intimidating, hostile, or offensive
working or academic environment and has the effect of substantially interfering
with the victim's work, study, or participation in student activities. Behavior will
be considered ?unwelcome? if the individual did not solicit or invite it and
particularly if s/he indicates that s/he finds the conduct undesirable or
offensive. Acquiescence or failure to complain does not mean that the conduct
is welcome. However, if an employee, student, or contractor actively
participates in sexual banter or discussions without giving an indication that

Page 20 of 22
