e Mailings to students, faculty and staff. In order to comply with all FERPA
laws and regulations, the Credit Union will compile such mailings to be
delivered and mail them through the College mail room.

Membership drives will be presented to a campus contact person designated by
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus for approval prior to the
Credit Union conducting such a drive. Such requested approval shall not
unreasonably be denied.

7. Advertising

a)

b

Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's
logos, trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other
party. Each party acknowledges that the other party's logos, trademarks, and
service marks are the sole property of the other party.

However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus, to include the address of any
ATM in a directory of ATMs and/or other banking facilities. Credit Union may
refer to Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus in any listing of groups
eligible to join the Credit Union.

8. Mutual Indemnification

a)

b

c)

Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold Northampton Community College,
Monroe Campus harmless from and against all costs, expenses, damages and
liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred or
threatened against Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus on account
of or resulting from this Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial
Educational Center, or any action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or
agents or independent contractors under this Agreement, provided that Credit
Union shall not be required to defend, indemnify or hold Northampton Community
College, Monroe Campus harmless from Northampton Community College, Monroe
Campus's own negligence or wrongful conduct or that of Northampton Community
College, Monroe Campus's agents, employees or independent contractors.

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus shall defend, indemnify and
hold Credit Union harmless from and against all costs, expenses, damages and
liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred, or
threatened against Credit Union on account of or resulting from any actions or
omissions of Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus, its employees or
agents; provided, however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus?s invitees which involve
member account related misconduct.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if any Financial
Educational Center is damaged or destroyed as a result of an insured peril, or a
peril that ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-insured, or if an insured

Page 6 of 18

6
