July 1, 2017) the opportunity to switch to the KUF Card. PSECU will pay $10 for each
KUF member who switches to the KUF Card during the term of Agreement.

PSECU will offer qualified Kutztown University ("KU") students a KUF Card once they
have graduated from KU. KUF will provide a list of all graduating KU students to PSECU
for solicitation of PSECU membership and products and services. PSECU will
compensate KUF $50 for each new KUF Card that is opened through the Program. For
any KU student who is a PSECU member and is also a PSECU credit cardholder (both
the PSECU membership and PSECU cardholder status must have been established prior
to July 1, 2017), when such student "switches" to the KUF Card PSECU will compensate
KUF $10 for any such switch which transpires during the term of Agreement.

PSECU shall deliver to KUF a quarterly report indicating the total number of KU alumni
who have become new PSECU members and opened KUF Cards for that quarter,
relative to the terms of this Agreement. PSECU will also indicate the number of KUF
Cards opened for that quarter. PSECU will further state the number of existing KUF
members who are also PSECU credit cardholders who have switched to a KUF Card in
that corresponding quarter. PSECU will compensate KUF for each of the above
instances as stated in 1.a and 1.b above. Payments will be calculated solely upon those
PSECU accounts which are opened on or after July 1, 2017, by KUF members per this

Program.

Payments shall be made on a quarterly basis via ACH transfer per instructions to be
provided by KUF to PSECU. In the alternative, payments may be made by check to KUF
if KUF notifies PSECU in writing of such request prior to an ACH payment being made.

PSECU may utilize pre-approval and invitation-to-apply types of mailing solicitations for
the KUF Cards. These solicitations will be sent to KUF members on a list provided to
PSECU by KUF ("the Mailing List", as defined in Section 2).

Marketing Plan - PSECU will work with KUF to create and mutually agree upon a
marketing plan to promote the Program to KUF members. PSECU shall absorb the cost

associated with this marketing plan.

RESPONSIBLITIES OF KUF. KUF, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below,
shall perform the following specified duties:

a.

KUF will provide PSECU with the mailing list of its members as follows: KUF shall update
its member list (complete names and mailing addresses) prior to each agreed upon
mailing for the Marketing Plan, and shall remove any inaccurate names and/or
addresses from it to the extent that the law requires that KUF maintain a list of its
members who do NOT wish to receive mailings (i.e. a "Do Not Solicit List"), KUF
represents and warrants to PSECU that any mailing list provided to PSECU will not
contain KUF members? information which appears on a Do Not Solicit List.

KUF and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks),
logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP")
