Statement of the Problem

Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (PSECU) seeks to continue its longstanding relationship as
Millersville University?s (Millersville/University) on-campus provider of student and employee financial
and ATM services for a period of a minimum of five (5) years.

This will be achieved through continuing our on-campus presence at our Financial Education Center
located in the Student Memorial Center, as well as through continuing to provide ATM services to the
campus community at several locations,

PSECU currently serves over 420,000 members who are located across the world, through online
banking, mobile banking and our call centers. PSECU?s proposal to Millersville includes support and
technology for all our members? financial services accounts, including an ATM/debit card available to
all members.

PSECU?s proposal includes revenue to the University as outlined in our Cost Proposal.

Management Summary

PSECU proposes to provide consumer financial services as set forth in this RFP response. Our proposed
relationship to provide ATM services, debit card and student/employee banking solutions includes our |
commitment to the following:

PSECU will continue to operate an educational/member service center (Financial Education Center) on
campus. The center will be open approximately 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday, following
the current academic schedule. PSECU will commit to continuing to employ a full-time community
manager; student management interns and student interns will continue to be hired from the
University student body to operate the center.

The January 2016 issue of Consumer Reports included the results of a 2014 banking survey. PSECU was
rated second highest among all banking institutions represented in the survey based on several factors
including overall satisfaction, member service provided, effective communications with members,
member complaints, and fee structure. Please see page 30 for a copy of the ratings for the top-rated
credit unions, PSECU outranked all other Pennsylvania-based financial institutions represented in the
survey. PSECU has always been a member-owned, not-for-profit credit union for people and about
people. The results of this independent survey reflect our ongoing commitment to provide the best
value in products and services throughout our members? lives.

PSECU believes that we offer a compelling proposal in the following areas:

Understanding the problem ? While many banks offer students low-fee services while in school, once
they leave school the fees and services charges begin. As some bankers have said, consumers must
?prepare to pay? for their banking services. However, PSECU is different. While other financial
institutions impose service charges, we?ve adopted a low- or no-fee structure that provides our
members easy access to their money. In addition, PSECU reimbursed over $5.2 million in ATM
surcharges in 2016. PSECU?s loan rates are priced significantly lower than bank loan-rates in another
effort to help students as they start their lives in the workforce.

Contractor qualifications ? PSECU currently serves the student, faculty and staff needs on 25

campuses, including 12 of Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education campuses (four of which
include campus card programs for those schools that have requested card services).

cee ee -- a a . cee 4
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

Technical Proposal | Page 2 of 34

