Paula A. Walter, PSECU Director, ATM, Branch and Payment Operations

As Director of the ATM, Branch and Payment Operations, Paula is responsible for overseeing the
operations of PSECU?s ATM network, campus card set processing, payment and deposit processing,
and all services provided at PSECU?s branches. She is actively involved in industry networking for all
areas that fall under her responsibilities to include serving as president on the Diebold and Profit
Stars Advisory boards. Additionally, Paula serves on the STAR?/First Data Advisory Board. Paula has

35 years of service with PSECU.

Christopher E. Rhine, PSECU University Development Manager

Chris Rhine has been involved in working with colleges and universities for over 11 years. As an account
manager, he had the opportunity to consult with campuses about investing in responsible technology
purchases. Now working for a not-for-profit credit union, he is able to shift his focus to helping
students build solid financial lives. Chris takes his role with the campus community very seriously. His
hope is to continue to spread PSECU?s mission and support to even more campuses. He believes that by
offering scholarships, financial education, and low- or no-cost services, PSECU can enhance the lives of
students. His contribution to this RFP includes developing a staffing plan, hiring on-campus staff, daily
supervision of the Financial Education Center Business Advisor, coordinating marketing activities, and
financial education workshops, developing an ongoing relationship with the University campus and
supporting/sponsoring worthwhile student activities and organizations. Chris earned a Bachelor

of Arts degree in Economics from Saint Joseph?s University in Philadelphia. Chris has been with PSECU

for 2 years.

Kristie Schaffer, PSECU University Development Financial Education Center Business Advisor

Kristie Schaffer has been working in an educational environment for over 19 years. Her professional
career has included: Director of Food Service, Business Owner, Technology Instructor, and Statistical
Assistant (at Bloomsburg University). Kristie has been responsible for the daily operations of the PSECU
Financial Education Center on Bloomsburg University?s campus for the past 7 years, where she
supervises a staff that includes Bloomsburg University students. Additionally, Kristie provides financial
literacy information, conducts student/staff seminars on topics of financial literacy and facilitates
PSECU?s presence on campus through sponsorships and support of campus organizations. Currently,
Kristie is also a part-time instructor in the Bachelor of Applied Science in Technical Leadership program
at Bloomsburg University. Kristie earned a Master of Science Degree in Instructional Technology and
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Finance, both from Bloomsburg University.

Lori L. Books, PSECU ATM Relationship Manager, Transaction Services

As the ATM relationship manager, Lori Books is responsible for all aspects of the installation and
planning of the ATMs and security for all Financial Education Centers. She oversees all University RFP
Projects that involve opening Centers with installation of ATMs. Lori has held various Positions
throughout PSECU that include loan processing, account opening for new members and currently
works in the ATM department alongside the ATM Director. Lori holds an Associate?s degree in
Accounting and has over 25 years of service with PSECU.

Milford C. (Pete) Spicher, Jr., PSECU Facilities Manager
Pete Spicher serves as Facilities Manager for PSECU which includes oversight of all PSECU locations.
Along with managing the day-to-day operations and maintenance of all PSECU facilities, he also

oversees all renovation, upgrade and new construction projects. Pete works directly with the University
Development team to facilitate the implementation of the physical PSECU space within the universities

- os nineteen a a .
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEG@ee

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 24 of 38

