|

g. PSECU may utilize pre-approval and invitation-to-apply types of mailing solicitations for the |
WCUAA Cards. These solicitations will be sent to WCUAA members on a list provided to PSECU |

by WCUAA ("the Mailing List", as defined in Section 2).
|

|

1

h. Marketing Plan - PSECU will work with WCUAA to create a mutually agreed upon a marketing
plan to promote the Program to WCUAA members. PSECU shall incur the cost associated with
this marketing plan.

2, RESPONSIBLITIES OF WCUAA. WCUAA, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, shall
perform the following specified duties:

a. WCUAA will provide PSECU with the Mailing List of its members as follows: WCUAA shall
update its member list (complete names and mailing addresses) prior to each agreed upon
mailing for the Marketing Plan, and shall remove any inaccurate names and/or addresses from
it, and any WCUAA members who do NOT wish to receive mailings (i.e. a "Do Not Solicit
List"), WCUAA represents and warrants to PSECU that any Mailing List provided to PSECU will
not contain WCUAA members? information which appears on a Do Not Solicit List.

b. WCUAA and PSECU agree and acknowledge that the trademarks (including service marks), }
logos, trade dress, Website links and all other intellectual property (collectively the "IP") of
each respective Party are subject to the intellectual property rights of that Party. The IP may
not be copied for commercial use, nor may any IP be modified, re-posted to any Website,
framed, deep linked to, or otherwise redistributed in any form. Nothing contained on the Site
shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to {
make commercial use of any IP or partner trademark, intellectual property right or
copyrighted material without the express prior written permission of the owner of such IP.

c. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 2.b to the contrary, WCUAA hereby grants to PSECU
the limited license to use WCUAA's IP on the WCUAA Cards, which license shall not expire
upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, but only upon the embossed expiration
date of any WCUAA Cards in existence. Thereafter, WCUAA Cards shall be reverted to a like
PSECU credit card upon the credit card renewal dates.

3. TERM. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect from the effective date of Octdber 1,
2017 and will end September3e-2022- No aay hp , 31, Zo2l. CS

4. TERMINATION. Either Party shall have the right to terminate the Agreement for convenience by
providing sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other Party. PSECU may continue to accept
applications from WCUAA members after termination or expiration of this Agreement as being
within PSECU's field of membership, and not as part of the Program. Upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, PSECU shall retain all rights, title and interest in all PSECU member
accounts and identifying information.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY. WCUAA and PSECU agrees, acknowledges and recognizes that WCUAA has a |
responsibility for confidentiality of its member?s data and PSECU is a highly regulated financial i
institution under a strict duty of confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member i
records, specifically any ?Confidential Information". Confidential Information shall specifically |
include all non-public member data, account or personal information, such as account numbers, H
access codes, account ownership and names of account owners, account owners email addresses,
demographic information and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; Mailing |
Lists; any employee information that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; i
inventory lists; competitively or business sensitive material that is not generally known to the
public; scientific or technical information, including hardware information, system descriptions
and recovery point information and recovery time objectives; computer hardware, software or

PSECU/WCUAA Affinity Credit Card Agreement
Page 2 of 5
