2) Credit Union shall continue to operate the Terminated Financial Educational
Centers until the Closing Date.

3) Termination of this agreement as to any Financial Educational Center shall be
effective on the date that the Terminated Financial Educational Center is closed
by Credit Union, and Credit Union shalt operate the Terminated Financial
Educational Center until the date of such closure. Credit Union shal{ not be
obligated nor have the right to operate such Financial Educational Center after
the Closing Date. Until the Closing Date of the Terminated Financial Educational
Center, all terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with
respect to such Terminated Financial Educational Centers.

4, Rent, Other Compensation, Expenses & Terms of Operation
a) Credit Union shall pay, no later than thirty (30) days after the start of each contract
year for the upcoming year, the following rent (?Rent?), so long as this Agreement
is in full force and effect:

e $6,000 per year

e Credit Union agrees to pay a late payment penalty of five (5) percent per annum
for each payment of rent that is not paid when due.

All employees described in Attachments A, B, or C shall be employees of the Credit
Union and shall not be employees of SUSSI.

b

=

c) Credit Union agrees to pay additional compensation as specified on Attachments B
and C. Monthly production reports of services for which incentives are paid will be
provided to SUSSI.

d) The terms of Attachments A, B and C will be reviewed on an annual basis. SUSSI and
Credit Union will mutually agree to any revisions made therein. In the absence of a
mutual agreement, the terms remain as stated in the initial contract.

e) Credit Unicn further agrees to payment of Financial Educational Center expenses,
other than janitorial and electrical expenses as specified on Attachment A.

f) Credit Union agrees to other specific terms of operation (dates, hours, work
parameters & staffing details) as specified on Attachment A.

5. Credit Union Obligations

a) Credit Union shall maintain each Financial Educational Center in accordance with
its best practices and procedures. Credit Union's operation of each Financial
Educational Center shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws,
ordinances, rules and regulations. Credit Union shall bear all costs of such
operation.

Credit Union shall be the sole owner of all Financial Educational Center
equipment, furniture and supplies, and shall be in sole control of the nature and
scope of the operation of each Financial Educational Center. At Credit Union's

b

=

Page 2 of 22
