The PSECU /Clarion University Foundation, Inc.
Financial Education Center at Clarion University Agreement

This Financial Education Center Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of
September_2?_, 2018 between The Clarion University Foundation, Inc.("Foundation") and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union (?Credit Union"). For the consideration set forth
below, the parties agree as follows:

1. Use of Space

The Foundation agrees to provide to Credit Union certain interior wall and floor space for
the use by the Credit Union as a Financial Education Center. The Foundation represents
that the location identified in Attachment A includes all Financial Education Centers which
are currently operating or planned for opening. Financial Education Center, as used here,
will include any financial service facility or staff presence, Each Financial Education Center
established on the Foundation or Clarion University (?University?) property shall be subject
to this Agreement.

2. Scope of Agreement

The parties agree that the Financial Education Center shall continue to be located in the
current location in the Clarion University Student Center. As to any Financial Education
Center contemplated in the future, The Foundation shall have the right to offer such an
arrangement to any third party provided The Foundation first provides 30 days? notice to
Credit Union, during which time the Credit Union shall have the option to provide a
Financial Education Center under the terms and conditions hereof. If Credit Union fails to
exercise the option within said thirty (30) day period, Credit Union's rights with regard to
that Financial Education Center shall cease.

-3. Term

a) The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years, commencing on July 1, 2018 (the
?Commencement Date") and terminating on June 30, 2023 (the ?Initial Term").
b) Upon the expiration of the Original Term, The Foundation and Credit Union shall have
the option to mutually renew the Original Term of the License for no more than two
additional one (1) year terms (each a ?Renewal Term? and collectively the ?Renewal
Terms?) upon the same terms and conditions set. Any changes to this Agreement in
connection with any Renewal Term are subject to review and approval by The
Foundation and Credit Union. In the absence of an agreement Credit Union shall have
the option to continue this Agreement from month-to-month for a period not to exceed
six (6) months and shall have the option to renew upon any other terms which The
Foundation indicates in writing to Credit Union it intends to accept from a third party.

LS

c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, either party
(the "Terminating Party") may terminate this Agreement as to any or all Financial
Education Centers (the "Terminated Financial Education Center") at any time for any or
no reason as follows:

Page 1 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

