PSECU believes that we offer a compelling proposal in the following areas:

Understanding the problem ? While many banks offer students low-fee services while in school, once
they leave school the fees and services charges begin. However, PSECU is different. While other
financial institutions impose service charges, we?ve adopted a low- or no-fee structure that provides
our members easy access to their money. In addition, PSECU reimbursed over $5.2 million in ATM
surcharges in 2016. PSECU?s loan rates are often priced lower than bank loan rates in another effort to
help students as they start their lives in the workforce.

Contractor qualifications ? PSECU currently serves the student, faculty and staff needs on 22
campuses, including 12 of Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education campuses (three of which
include campus card programs for those schools that have requested card services). In addition, 2 new
locations are scheduled to be opening this fall.

Technological ability ? PSECU is a recognized leader in technology, offering remote banking services,
remote deposit services and other technological features years ahead of many other financial

institutions.

References ? We are pleased to provide references from several of our higher education partners,
including other institutions in Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education.

Professional personnel ? PSECU first established our campus program in 2000. With over 20 campuses
in operation, we have never lost or failed to renew an existing relationship. Our references will readily
confirm the professionalism of our staff.

Soundness of approach ? PSECU believes that an important part of our job on campus is to teach
financial literacy and money management skills to our student members. We do this through our
WalletWorks financial education program product offerings and training sessions that we host on

campus.

Facilities ? PSECU manages a fleet of ATMs on college and university campuses and is prepared to
continue to provide state-of-the-art terminals for California University.

Terms and conditions ? PSECU is familiar with Pennsylvania?s State System of Higher Education
requirements and will continue to be able to meet California University?s contractual terms.

Cost ? PSECU is prepared to offer California University a generous proposal, free of many of the
conditions set by other financial institutions.

Partnering initiatives ? Our unique Financial Education Center approach employs interns hired from
the University for staffing, providing real-world experience for many students in the marketing, sales
and finance fields, as well as from other academic disciplines.

PSECU?s proposal is based on our commitment to and support of California University. PSECU?s offer to
the University is not contingent on goals, number of accounts opened or performance. Our offer is
guaranteed to the University. PSECU appreciates the opportunity to participate in this bidding process.

The following is a high-level overview of the services that will be offered at PSECU?s on-campus
Financial Education Center:
e General account questions
New account openings
Financial Education
Account issue resolution
Product and service cross-selling
Meaningful job experience for California students without leaving campus
Development of account relationships with students, faculty and staff

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 Pee
