recognize the priority of their education and that this experience plays only a part in their total
educational experience. Financial Education Center staff members will be trained to promote PSECU
membership on campus, educate the campus community about our services, promote financial literacy
and the tools needed to achieve it, demonstrate how to use electronic delivery methods and assist in
the application process for PSECU membership and services.

Financial Education Program

For PSECU, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not just a key part of who we are; it integrates
within our program. The CSR Program focuses on five key pillars: Community Sustainability, Business
and Economic Development, Financial Education, Environmental Responsibility, and Employee
Engagement. For the University segment, the education component is a key focus. PSECU strives to
provide meaningful and relevant financial educational offerings so that students have the knowledge to
effectively manage their money and are equipped to make empowered financial decisions. Packaged
together, we call it our WalletWorks program. WalletWorks has been recognized by the Pennsylvania
Credit Union Association with the Desjardins Award for Adult Financial Education and also recognized as
a winner of the Leaders in Financial Literacy Award for expanding financial literacy beyond the
classroom. Whether it is a one-on-one tutorial, a financial seminar, or tips from our website, we
believe more knowledge empowers us all, thus making PSECU a strong education partner in these
efforts. With a full-time Certified Credit Union Financial Counselor dedicated to Curriculum
development and delivery, PSECU has educational materials and programs specifically targeted to
support University students as well as faculty and staff.

With over 25 modules containing topics that range from creating spending plans to the hidden costs of
employment, the needs of a first-year student, graduating senior and students? parents are addressed.
The approach at each university is unique. PSECU typically works to tailor a program that specifically
meets the needs of the individual university. The program is available at all campus locations with not
only the managers, but also our student interns being trained on offering presentations. In addition to
both formal and informal presentations, articles are provided to the school newspaper. All materials

focus on financial concepts and best practices.

Here is a sample listing of our WalletWorks financial education topics:

Handout Topics
e Five Tips for Building Healthy Credit
e Better Budgeting
e How Do! Pay Down Debt?
e Solving the Mystery of Credit Scores
e What is the Cost of Living?
? Quick Questions About Credit
e Redefining Student Loan Refunds

Articles (Student and Parent Versions)

e Dough Newsletter

e What?s Lurking Behind Your Credit Score (Students)

e What?s Lurking Behind Your Student?s Credit Score (Parents)

? Do Your Social Media Habits Put You at Risk? (Students)

e Do Your Student?s Social Media Habits Put Them at Risk for Identity Theft? (Parents)
e It Was Totally Worth It... Right? (Students)

e Is That Rewards Credit Card Really Worth It? (Parents)

e What?s in a Score? (Students and Parents)

e The Hidden Cost of ?Free? (Students and Parents)

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 P26 |
