may be necessary or appropriate for the installation, operation and maintenance of the center.

While there are no direct program costs to the College, the following electrical service costs
will be provided by the College in support of program delivery:

e Utilities for the operation of PSECU?s Financial Education Center and the
on-campus ATMs
e Alternating current (A/C) power to approved ATM locations

PSECU will work with the College to co-market our products and services on campus
including insertion of appropriate marketing materials into mailings to the campus
community. These materials are prepared and provided by PSECU at its sole cost and
expense.

. College Financial Incentives

Financial Institution should also indicate what financial incentives (i.e. revenue sharing)
will be offered to the College. This information to be included in Financial Institution?s
COST PROPOSAL information.

PSECU response:
Please refer to our Cost Proposal for our commitment to the Community College of
Philadelphia.

Prior Experience

The Financial Institution should describe their experience in providing the service(s) as
specified and provide a complete list of educational institutions. Services or projects referred
to should be identified and the name of the customer shown, including the name,

address, and telephone number of the responsible official of the customer, company, or
agency who may be contacted.

PSECU response:

PSECU is a not-for-profit financial cooperative that has been in business for 81 years (since
1933). PSECU?s main office is located at 1500 Elmerton Avenue, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
17110.

At over $4.4 billion in assets, PSECU serves over 429,000 members throughout
Pennsylvania, the United States and across the globe. We employ 587 full-time and 116 part-
time employees.

In 1977, PSECU held $6 million in assets and had 19,000 members. At that time PSECU
enacted a vision to use technology that would provide financial services to members anytime
from almost anywhere. Recognized as a leader in technology, PSECU created a member-
centric operation beyond the traditional branch. A centralized contact center and ATMs
became the primary channels to provide member service and cash to PSECU members. That
vision continues today and is reflected in PSECU?s vision and mission statements.

Our Vision
Our members will recognize us as their trusted financial partner.

Our Mission
To safely and securely provide the best value to our members throughout their lives.

18
