2. Certification from the Department of Human Services as to whether the
individual is named in the statewide database as a perpetrator in a pending
child abuse investigation, a founded report, or an indicated report of child
abuse; and

3. Federal criminal history record information, including fingerprinting and review
by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purpose of verifying the identity
of the individual and obtaining a current record of any criminal arrests and
convictions.

4. Contractor will be required to sign the PA State System Certification
Compliance form Attachment B, (attached hereto and made a part of this
Agreement.)

University Responsibilities and Other Provisions

a. University shall give exclusive marketing rights to PSECU for their accounts and
credit cards on the KU Campus.

b. There will be no co-branding of any marketing materials or ATM links to the KU
ID Card.

c. University shall provide the appropriate on-campus space allocated for the
PSECU managed electronic center at the monthly rental rate outlined in Section
4 (Cost of Agreement) and in Attachment A, Section 2 of Attachment A, and
on-campus space for the automatic teller machines (ATMs) located on
University premises.

d. Note regarding ATMs: It is understood that the University has an on-campus
ATM for the student refunds program only, which is serviced under a separate
contract. PSECU will provide all other on-campus ATMs.

e. University will provide two (2) staff decals for parking at no cost to the
financial institution.

f. Kutztown University will provide University emails for the financial institution?s
permanent on-site staff, if requested.

g. Utilities shall be provided by the University.

h. Contractor may not include University?s name in product literature or
advertising without the review and consent of the University Contract
Administrator.

i. University shall permit on-campus tabling at student events such as Freshman
Orientations, Student Fairs, etc.

j. University shall allow PSECU an active role in Freshman Orientation, including
the opportunity to present to parents and students (PSECU will coordinate with
Contract Administrator to determine a mutually agreed upon time slot).

k. University shall permit campus promotions and giveaways sponsored by PSECU

Page 4 of 22
