We Go Beyond the Contract

PSECU believes in supporting worthwhile student initiatives and seeks relevant opportunities to sponsor groups
and events. We consider and evaluate all opportunities to participate in both academic and co-curricular
activities. While these are considered non-contractual obligations, they are equally important to the student
body. They help us work in conjunction with the campus community to raise awareness for a student cause,
support a student endeavor or promote engagement in a fun activity.

A few examples of recent sponsorships are:
e Athletic ?flare,? banner and scoreboard advertising at athletic events
e Orientation Tshirt sponsorships
e Golf Cart Sponsorship
e Health Fairs
e Grad Gear promotion for graduating PSECU members

PSECU?s longstanding support of California University and its students goes well beyond contractual obligations
and commitments in the current student banking relationship with the University. We remain a strong supporter
of higher education efforts and place great emphasis on the education of students, parlicularly in Lhe area of
financial literacy. Our successful track record at the 20-plus institutions we serve speaks for itself, and we greatly
value and look forward to a continued long-term relationship with California University.

PSECU Forecast Operational Costs for Non-Contractual Expenses in support of program
delivery

Salary and Benefits for FEC Staff $126,660
Salary for other University Development Staff $41,310
Incentives for Financial Education Center Staff $4,566
Travel Expenses $2,735
Data/Networking $6,396
Maintenance of Furniture and Equipment $5,178
Office Supplies, etc. $636

Other Non-Contractual Expenses (promotions, sponsorships,

veteran's scholarship, advertising, promotional material,
etc) $35,960

Initial Share ($5 prefunding for new members)

Membership Rebates for Promotions

Miscellaneous (staff uniforms, staff appreciation, etc)
FORECAST TOTAL FOR 2017

PSECU COST PROPOSAL Best and Final Offer | RFP #CAL P17-01 | Page 7 of 7
PSECU ? Confidential
