ATTACHMENT 6
University Program Team Members and Bios

The proposed team members from PSECU that would have direct involvement and oversee
this project include the following key individuals. With a combined 229 years of service at
PSECU, these professionals offer extensive knowledge and experience to the relationship.
All PSECU individuals listed work out of our Main Office located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Earl Lloyd who will be CCP?s Account Manager, works out of his home office located in West
Chester, Pennsylvania.

Their brief summary resumes are included below.

Gregory A. Smith, PSECU President and CEO

Greg Smith has worked for credit unions for over 40 years, including President and CEO of
Michigan State University Federal Credit Union for three years. As PSECU President and
CEO, his responsibilities include general administrative oversight of the credit union. Greg?s
understanding of technology and quest for finding ways to improve overall credit union
productivity have contributed to numerous RFPs for various projects. He has specifically
reviewed many of the RFPs for PSECU?s existing campus locations. Greg serves on the
Philadelphia Federal Bank?s Community Depository Institution Advisory Council, the Credit
Union Executive Society?s Board of Directors, the PA Credit Union Association State Advisory
Council and the PA Credit Association Regulatory Review Board. Greg has 24 years of
service with PSECU.

Barbara J. Bowker, PSECU Vice President, Marketing and Membership Development

In addition to Marketing, Barb Bowker has held a number of positions in various
departments ranging from Information Technology to Member Services. As Vice President of
Marketing and Membership Development, she oversees the marketing and communication
efforts for the credit union and devises strategies to position PSECU in the marketplace. In
addition, she oversees Membership Development, which includes the University
Development Program and Business Development. Barb oversees the RFP responses related
to the University Development Program. Her career at PSECU has afforded her the
opportunity to become very involved in the community. Barb currently serves as Vice Chair
of the Capital Region American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Board,
Secretary of the Pennsylvania Credit Union Foundation Board and Secretary of the
Harrisburg Regional Chamber of Commerce Board. She also serves on the Pennsylvania State
System of Higher Education (PASSHE) Foundation Board. Barb holds a Bachelor of Science
degree in Business Administration from Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania. She has 28
years of service with PSECU.

Richard L. Long, PSECU Vice President, Information Technology Services

Rick Long currently oversees the following specialized Information Technology (IT) areas:
Network and Telecommunication Services, Programming, Database Services, Business
Continuity, Information Security, Project Management, Help Desk, Desktop Personal
Computer Support, Computer Operations, and E-Commerce Services. His IT expertise has
contributed to past RFPs for a Document Management System, Telecommunications, Core
Banking Systems, and Online Banking. Rick earned a Bachelor of Science degree in

PSECU Team Members and Bios
Page 1 of 5
