* Online cleared check images and online check search capability
* Secure access to PSECU staff for account and technical support

Our mobile app is available to be downloaded on the iPhone?, iPad?, iPod Touch?, Android?
devices and the Kindle Fire? *, This allows members access to the many features including:
* Viewing account balances and transaction history
* Transferring funds
o Between one?s own accounts
o To other PSECU members
+ Making toan payments
* Mobile deposits (In 2001, PSECU was the first financial institution to offer online
deposits, the predecessor of mobile deposits. }
* Manage debit card limit increases
* e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
* Travel notifications for card access and security
* Credit score provided monthly to primary account owners with PSECU Checking Service
or a PSECU Loan product
+ ? Bill Payer service; pay up to 80 bills per account
* Secure access to PSECU staff for account and technical support

?iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc, Touch ID is a trademark
of Apple, Inc. Android is a registered trademark of Google. Amazon, Kindle, Kindle Fire, the
Amazon Kindle logo and the Kindle Fire logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its
affiliates.

In addition, we pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for our
members, PSECU offers members Rapport? by Trusteer? (an IBM company). This free security
software download provides an extra layer of protection when the member is logged into online
banking. In addition, PSECU utilizes multifactor authentication as an additional online security
provision that employs different forms of verification, such as a unique User ID, before allowing
access to secured information.

Automated Clearing House (ACH) Capability - PSECU is a participating Depository Financial

Institution (DFI) in the Automated Clearing House (ACH) Network that both receives and
originates a range of ACH transactions for its membership to include: Direct Deposit, Direct
Debit and online payments through a direct relationship with the Federal Reserve System.

Auto Loans - PSECU prides itself on auto loan rates which typically rival the competition.
Because we do not price our loans based on our members? credit scores, all members receive
the same low interest rates.

+ Same low interest rates for new and used vehicle purchases

+ Pre-approved AutoDrafts

* Online applications most often receive a decision within 30 seconds

+ Terms from 24 to 120 months

PSECU Visa? Founder?s Card - PSECU?s Cash Rewards card option. Earn Cash Rewards that
never expire.
* 1.5% Cash Back Rewards on every purchase
* See the PSECU Visa? Founder?s Card Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for full
details

; _ ce woe. - - nnn & A
> MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEGee

Technical Proposal [ Page 9 of 34
