(reports, trending, benchmarks, campaign lists and ROI, strategic metrics). Prior to joining PSECU
she worked with a marketing consulting firm and a banking institution. Gail is actively involved with
non-profit organizations, including Leadership Lancaster and the American Heart Association. She has
been involved in several RFP processes for large projects and software purchases and provides
comprehensive research and data to support the RFP effort. Gail has been employed by PSECU for 16

years.

Karen E. Roland, PSECU Director, Marketing and Communications

Karen Roland is Director of Marketing and Communications. She leads PSECU?s brand and marketing
strategy and oversees creative services, digital marketing, social media, advertising, and marketing
project management. Prior to PSECU, Karen spent over 13 years with The Hershey Company, most
recently as Director of Corporate Marketing. Karen has a longstanding history as a leader in our local
communities, and has served on several non-profit boards including United Cerebral Palsy of Central
PA, St. Theresa School, Penn State Hershey Medical Center?s Advisory Board, and most recently the
board of Pennsylvania Family Support Alliance. Karen also is actively involved with other nonprofit
organizations, including Leadership Harrisburg Area, Easter Seals, Junior Achievement, and the
American Heart Association. In addition, she is an adjunct professor with Penn State University,
Harrisburg. Karen?s contribution to RFPs focuses on brand and marketing strategy development,
ideation and marketing execution. Karen has a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from
West Virginia University and a Master of Science in Business Administration from Penn State
University, Harrisburg. Karen has 7 years of service with PSECU.

Margaret M. Delmonico, PSECU Director, Public Relations

Margaret Delmonico oversees PSECU?s community involvement and is responsible for Corporate Social
Responsibility. Contributions to projects such as RFPs are to provide background and information as
related to her area of oversight within PSECU, as well as historical reference based on her years of
service with PSECU. Margaret currently serves on the Board of Directors for the Central Pennsylvania
Food Bank as Secretary and Chair of the Communications Committee. She serves on the Board of
Directors for Leadership Harrisburg Area where she is Secretary of the Board and Chair of the
Resource Committee. She also serves on the Board of Directors for the Pennsylvania Credit Union
Association Foundation. She is the primary PSECU representative for the Rotary Club of Harrisburg
and serves on the Water Project Committee and Membership Committee. Margaret earned a Bachelor
of Arts in Theater, Speech and Communications from DeSales University and a Master of Science in
Communication/Journalism from Shippensburg University. Margaret has over 37 years of service with

PSECU.

Michael C. Verotsky, PSECU Director, University Development

As the Director of University Development, Michael Verotsky oversees the development and
implementation of strategies to grow, retain and provide value to members and prospective
members through PSECU?s University Development Program and its administrators. His position has
oversight responsibility and accountability for the overall University Development program. Michael
has held a number of positions in his 17 years of service with PSECU. For the 10 years prior to his
Current post, he served the PSECU membership by directing the company?s digital banking program
which includes its online and mobile banking initiatives. Michael?s commitment to academia extends
beyond his work at PSECU. He has coached women?s basketball at Harrisburg Area Community
College since 2002, currently serving as their head coach. Michael earned his Associate?s degree in
Computer Information Systems from Harrisburg Area Community College and his Bachelor of Science
in Computer Systems Technology from Duquesne University.

. ae eee ean . = neers = the BL aiid a
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEGe

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 23 of 38
