educate and empower our student members. We provide financial tips and tools such as calculators so
members can get the best value and find the optimal financial solutions for their particular situation.

Digital advertising allows us to target audiences utilizing a multi-layer channel while using advanced
geographic and demographic targeting capabilities. We utilize a variety of digital advertising including
digital banners, video and audio on sites like Pandora, Hulu, and other relevant ad networks that align
with PSECU?s target audiences. We also partner with Premium Video Vendors who serve as the online
destination for offline television stations like ABC, CBS and NBC. Paid search and search engine
optimization are also core components of our digital advertising strategy.

We are active participants in social media, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Linkedin, etc. We
utilize social media to engage directly with our members, letting them know about key events, new
products and overall what?s new at PSECU. We also get valuable feedback from our members so that
we can address individual concerns and receive positive feedback to learn what is working.

PSECU is staffed with talented and experienced marketing professionals. We take great pride in our
work and have won a number of national and global marketing awards. We utilize an in-house agency
approach with our own designers, digital team, marketing research and analytics, and printing
capabilities. This allows us to develop custom, quality materials at a lower cost, with quicker
turnaround. We follow a formal marketing process aimed at integrating consumer research, business
goals, testing, and approvals prior to campaign production and launch, PSECU places great value on
consumer testing and often conducts student or faculty and staff focus groups on campus, if permitted.
This allows us to understand preferences, test marketing pieces in advance and understand
opportunities in our overall consumer experience. PSECU?s University Program marketing planning
process outlines key campaigns and marketing opportunities one semester in advance. (For example, in
March, we outline fall plans; in October, we map spring semester plans.) We welcome the school?s
input and suggestions at any point to ensure our marketing and communications are mutually
acceptable, We recognize, too, that the school may want to approve our messages and will gladly
integrate that step within our process.

During the term of this agreement, the University agrees to support PSECU as follows:
* Permit on-campus tabling at student events such as Freshmen Orientations, Student Fairs, etc.
? ? Allow PSECU an active role in Freshman Orientation including the opportunity to present to
parents and students during Orientation
* Permit campus promotions and giveaways sponsored by PSECU
+ Provide PSECU access to common areas for tabling events throughout the year
* Permit PSECU to conduct financial seminars to students and faculty
+ Provide a PSECU web link on the University?s website
+ Allow PSECU to send two (2) annual mailings to graduating seniors
Provide communication/announcements to graduates on PSECU?s Value Proposition (messaging
provided by PSECU)

Cost Data

Please refer to PSECU?s Cost Proposal (under separate cover) for our financial commitment to
Millersville.

? - -- co ee - a 4
REP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSE@ee

Technical Proposal { Page 28 of 34

