Community College of Philadelphia
1700 Spring Garden Street, M1-4
Philadelphia, PA 19130

total number of disabled veterans hired. The reports should include covered
veterans hired for on-the-job training under 38 U.S.C. 1787. The Supplier shall
submit a report within 30 days after the end of each reporting period wherein any
performance is made on this contract identifying data for each hiring location.
The Supplier shall maintain at each hiring location copies of the reports
submitted until the expiration of one year after final payment under the contract,
during which time these reports and related documentation shall be made
available, upon request, for examination by any authorized representatives of the
contracting officer or of the Secretary of Labor. Documentation would include
personnel records respecting job openings, recruitment and placement.
Whenever the Supplier becomes contractually bound to the listing provisions of
this clause, it shall advise the employment service system in each State where it
has establishments, of the name and location of each hiring location in the State.
As long as the Supplier is contractually bound to these provisions and has
advised the State system, there is no need to advise the State system of
subsequent contracts. The Supplier may advise the State system when it is no
longer bound by this contract clause.
This clause does not apply to the listing of employment openings which occur
and are filled outside of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico,
Guam, and the Virgin Islands.
The provisions of paragraph (B.2), (1), (2), and (3) of this clause do not apply to
openings which the Supplier proposes to fill from within its organization or to fill
pursuant to a customary and traditional employer-union hiring arrangement. This
exclusion does not apply to a particular opening once an employer decides to
consider applicants outside of its own organization or employer-union
arrangement for that opening.
As used in this clause: (1) ?All suitable employment openings? includes, but is
not limited to, openings which occur in the following job categories: Production
and non-production; plant and office; laborers and mechanics; supervisory and
non-supervisory; technical; and executive, administrative, and professional
openings as are compensated on a salary basis of less than $25,000 per year. This
term includes full-time employment, temporary employment of more than 3
days? duration, and part-time employment. It does not include openings which
the Supplier proposes to fill from within its own organization or to fill pursuant
to a customary and traditional employer-union hiring arrangement or openings in
an educational institution which are restricted to students of that institution.
Under the most compelling circumstances an employment may not be suitable
for listing, including such situations where the needs of the Government cannot
reasonably be otherwise supplied, where listing would be contrary to nation
security, or where the requirement of listing would otherwise not be for the best
interest of the Government.
a.??Appropriate office of the State employment service system? means the
local office of the Federal-State national system of the public
employment offices with assigned responsibility for serving the area
where the employment opening is to be filled, including the District of
Columbia, Guan, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
b.?Openings which the Supplier proposes to fill from within its own
organization? means employment openings for which no consideration
will be given to persons outside the supplier?s organization (including
any affiliates, subsidiaries, and the parent companies) and includes any
