Contract Inquiry No. CAL P17-01

PENNSYLVANIA STATE SYSTEM OF HIGHER EDUCATION
PASSHE-BB-3.1
REV: JULY 2017

the Department of General Services (DGS) specifications (available on the DGS website at
www.dgs.state.pa.us), whichever reflects the higher level of post-consumer recycled content on the date
of submission of the bid, proposal or contract offer.

C. RECYCLED CONTENT ENFORCEMENT: The Contractor may be required, after
delivery of the Contract item(s), to provide the University with documentary evidence that the item(s) was
in fact produced with the required minimum percentage of post-consumer and recovered material content.

d. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. The Contractor shall provide information to the
University about the identity and hazards of hazardous substances supplied or used by the Contractor in
the performance of the Contract. The Contractor must comply with Act 159 of October 5, 1984, known
as the ?Worker and Community Right to Know Act? and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto at
4 Pa. Code Section 301.1 et seq., as well as all applicable federal law, which includes providing a copy of
any Material Safety Data Sheet for each order of a hazardous chemical, as defined under 29 CFR
1910.1200.

es EXPORT CONTROL LAW COMPLIANCE. To the extent Contractor is providing
devices/technology or data under this Contract, Contractor acknowledges that a toreign national(s) may
use the device/technology/and or data at the University. Contractor shall comply with all U.S. export
control laws and regulations, including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
(ITAR), 22 CFR Parts 120 through 130, and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), 15 CFR Parts
730 through 799, in the performance of this Contract. In the absence of available license
exemptions/exceptions, Contractor shall be responsible for obtaining the appropriate licenses or other
authorizations, if required, for exports of hardware, technical data, and software, or for the provision of
technical assistance. Contractor shall be responsible for all regulatory record keeping requirements
associated with the use of licenses and license exemptions/exceptions. Prior to disclosing or transferring
to University any hardware, technical data, software or product utilizing any such data which is subject to
export controls under federal law, Contractor shall notify the University in writing of the nature and extent
of the export control. The University shall have the right to decline any such technical data or product
utilizing such data. In the event Contractor sends any such technical data or product that is subject to
export control, without notice of the applicability of such export control, the University has the right to
immediately terminate this Contract.

22. DEFAULT.

a. The University may, subject to the provisions of the section entitled FORCE MAJEURE
and in addition to its other rights under this Contract, declare the Contractor in default by written notice
thereof to the Contractor, and terminate (as provided in the section entitled TERMINATION) the whole
or any part of this Contract or any Purchase Order for any of the following reasons:

1) Failure to begin work within the time specified in this Contract Order or a Purchase
Order or as otherwise specified;

2) Failure to perform the work with sufficient labor, equipment, or material to ensure the
completion of the specified work in accordance with the terms of this Contract or a
Purchase Order;

3) Unsatisfactory performance of the work;

4) Failure to deliver awarded item(s) within the time specified in this Contract or a
Purchase Order or as otherwise specified;

Page 15 of 32
