displays the ?CU$?? logo. In addition, we are a part of Select-A-Branch, which offers surcharge-
free ATMs along the PA Turnpike and we participate in the CO-OP Network? which allows many
ATMs to be surcharge-free to our members.

+ PSECU offers members a monthly surcharge rebate and will reimburse our members up $8
per month in surcharges from withdrawals made at non-PSECU ATMs. For members with
recurring direct deposit of their payroll, retirement or Social Security funds, the level of rebate
is up to $20 per month.

? PSECU membership is an appreciated benefit for your faculty and staff - it is a free
employment benefit offered at a time when benefits are shrinking due to rising costs.

* Our Student Line of Credit product bridges the gap by offering a line of credit just for
students to help them make it through a tough time when they need it most. It offers a budget-
friendly, manageable repayment schedule and affords the student an opportunity to build a
solid credit history.

Financial Education Center Staffing and the Value of the PSECU On-Campus Intern
Program

As the incumbent provider PSECU is committed to continuing to operate a Financial Education Center
on campus in the Student Memorial Center. Following the execution of the new contract, PSECU |
plans to remodel and refresh our on-campus location with our new design and layout at the cost to |
PSECU, Please see page 34 for photographs of our newest on-campus center design. PSECU will
meet or exceed our staffing model and will continue to review hours of operation for the center that
will serve the University and its students? needs. The staffing of our Financial Education Center will
include a full time Community Manager, a minimum of a student assistant managers and a minimum
of 5 student interns who will run the day-to day operations and marketing efforts for the center.
Employment at the PSECU on-campus center offers an educational hands-on experience and
challenges interns with marketing the products and services of an over $4.6 billion financial |
institution. The roles include developing marketing strategies, plans, educating members about our
self-service model, presenting financial literacy education and resolving non-transactional member
problems. All experiences gained during their time as interns and assistant managers at PSECU are
designed to enhance the student?s knowledge of working for a sizable corporation and build skills
needed to prepare them to enter the professional workforce. Financial considerations for the
student workers include a paid hourly rate that is well above minimum wage as well as earned
incentives. Student worker schedules are designed to be flexible as we recognize the priority of
their education and that this experience plays only a part in their total educational experience.

Based on our-business model, our Center on campus will assist members of the Millersville University
community with questions about PSECU?s products and services. While the Center will not perform
account transactions, our staff will guide PSECU members in the use of our technology to securely
manage their financial dealings virtually anytime, anywhere. By maintaining this model, we utilize our
ATMs to act as the teller for cash and check transactions through immediate access to deposited funds.
Please refer to page 29 for our Funds Availability Policy. PSECU maintains our Financial Education
Centers with a great amount of flexibility, allowing us to support the needs of a changing campus
community. During peak account opening times such as new student orientations, move-in days, etc.,
PSECU may provide additional staff to assist students in establishing their PSECU account and to
provide member support.

. - - - . ee - +
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEC

Technicat Proposal | Page 16 of 34

