Jeffrey Field ? Static Signage:

During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Soccer game, played at Jeffrey Field, PSECU will receive:
? One (1) 3?-x 20? static sideline sign visible during all regular season Penn State Men?s & Women?s home soccer games
e ? Initial production & installation for signage in Jeffrey Field to be paid for by Provider. Any costs associated with
revisions after installation to be the responsibility of PSECU.

ver Stadium ? ing Vi d Pri
During each regular season home Football game, played in Beaver Stadium, PSECU will receive:
* Mutually agreed upon TBD videoboard feature
? One (1) in-game fan engaging videoboard promotion feature to run during all home games with a PA Announcement
and LED ribbonboard running concurrent with feature

Bryce Jordan Center ? Fan Engaging Videoboard Promotion:

During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Basketball game, played in Bryce Jordan Center, PSECU will receive:
e@ Mutually agreed upon TBD videoboard feature
? One (1) in-game fan engaging videoboard promotion feature to run during all home games with a PA Announcement
and LED ribbonboard running concurrent with feature

Pegula Ice Arena ? Fan aging Vi ard Promotion:
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Hockey game, played in Pegula Ice Arena, PSECU will receive:
e Mutually agreed upon TBD videoboard feature
e One (1) in-game fan engaging videoboard promotion feature to run during all home games with a PA Announcement
and LED ribbonboard running concurrent with feature

R all? Fan Engaging Videoboard Promotion:
During each regular season home Men?s and Women?s Gymnastics, Men?s and Women?s Volleyball, and Wrestling event,
hosted in Rec Hall, PSECU will receive:

e Mutually agreed upon TBD videoboard feature

@ One (1) in-game fan engaging videoboard promotion feature to run during all home events with a PA

Penn State Football Fan Fest Display:

e One?(1) display area of up to 10? x 20? footprint in Fan Festival prior to all regular season home Football games and the
annual Blue White Spring Game

e Opportunity to interact with fans and distribute pre-approved information/premiums at Fan Fest

? All distribution items must include a fan benefit, and be pre-approved by Penn State Athletics operations & Provider a
minimum of two (2) weeks prior to game day

? PSECU is responsible for providing a pop-up tent for their display

s Provider to provide one (1) table and two (2) chairs for the display

* Annually, PSECU is to complete a Pennsylvania State University Indemnification Agreement mutually acceptable to
PSECU and University

Penn State lay Roster Card:
* One (1) full color ad of up to 2? x 6? in all regular season gameday roster cards for Football, Men?s Basketball,
Women?s Basketball, Men?s Hockey, Women?s Volleyball, and Wrestling
e ? In the event Penn State Athletics transitions away from the gameday roster card altogether or in a particular sport, the
asset wiil be transitioned over to a mutually agreed upon asset of equal or greater value

Player Appearances:
e ? Rights to use three (3) former players annually for PSECU events if requested
o Appearances at PSECU events, Fan Fest, etc.
o PSSP. will facilitate the acquisition and logistics of the player appearances but does not guarantee availability
o Players will be mutually agreed upon and paid separately on a per appearance basis by PSECU as mutually
agreed between players and PSECU

Social Media Integration:
* Two (2) Athletic Season-Long Social Media Engagement Campaign(s)
o Each campaign will be a minimum of 500,000 targeted impressions through the Penn State Athletics
Facebook Page
e Posts must offer a fan benefit or be tied to a promotion, and may not be strictly commercial in nature
? Logo integration must use white or blue logo
e One (1) Social Media Feature
