Vill. Service Access/Coordination for Effective Member Service

At PSECU, we want our members to recognize us as their trusted partner, Providing the most
affordable products and exceptional service. We take great pride in providing value to our
members. PSECU is committed to providing excellent service and a convenient on-campus
location on the Bloomsburg University campus. We will work with the university to coordinate
efforts to maintain effective customer service for its students, faculty, and staff. It is
Paramount to us that we are a part of the campus community, and we encourage all members
to visit our campus location. Our friendly, knowledgeable staff will answer any questions and
assist in resolving all complaints with members and non-members.

PSECU recognizes that members, particularly the student population, need somewhere to turn
if they have a question. PSECU?s call centers are available 73 hours a week to assist members
through our nationwide toll-free phone number, 800.237.7328. Members who are speech or
hearing impaired may call our Telecommunications Device for the Deaf (TDD) at 800.472.1967
nationwide for assistance.

PSECU cardholders have the ability to report lost and stolen cards via our toll-free number 24
hours per day, 7 days a week. Members can call PSECU at 800.237.7328 nationwide during
PSECU's hours of operation to report a card lost or stolen and have a new card issued. After
business hours, the member can call 800.556.5678 to close the card. While lost or stolen cards
can be reported by anyone (i.e. non-cardholder, non-member, etc.), the member will need to
speak to PSECU to have a new card issued.

Members and non-members may also search PSECU?s online knowledgebase for answers,
anytime, anywhere. Members can also email comments, questions and suggestions through our

website at psecu.com.

IX. Account Information

a. Describe how accounts will be opened and how quickly accounts can be activated:
Students, faculty and staff are able to open their PSECU account Prior to arriving on
campus through our online application located at psecu.com. This online application (as
well as our paper application) allows the applicant to choose checking and ATM/debit card
services. Our online application, with an option for eSignature, takes less than 15 minutes
to complete and many applicants become members immediately. Applicants who require
submission of additional verification documentation have the ability to submit this
documentation online and are usually members within a short period of time. In addition,
as part of our relationship with Bloomsburg, PSECU deposits the initial $5 into each new
Bloomsburg-related member account at account opening so new members do not need any
funds to get their account opened.

In addition, we provide a paper application, depending on the potential members? choice,
at our on-campus location. Paper applications can also be obtained through contacting our

call centers.

Because PSECU strongly believes in providing university students with the best Possible
financial services alternative, we priority-process our university applications.

b. Terms and conditions for the issuance and termination of membership and cards with

PSECU:
Please refer to our ?Cost to the Consumer? section of Appendix C for further information, as

the RFP requested this information be provided in that response.

po rte ne i.
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSECU

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 16 of 38
