ATTACHMENT 4

PSECU?s Standard Contract Terms
to be incorporated into the Standard Blueback Contract from PASSHE
(other contract terms subject to negotiation)

TERMINATION PROVISIONS

Termination by Contractor. Contractor may terminate this Agreement at any time for any or no reason.
Contractor shall send not less than 90 days written notification ("Termination Notice?) to the University
indicating the intent to terminate the Agreement.

CONTRACTOR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Confidentiality: University agrees, acknowledges, and
recognizes that Contractor is a highly regulated financial institution under a strict duty of
confidentiality with regard to its operations and its member records, specifically any ?Confidential
Information". Confidential Information shall specifically include, but not be limited to, the following:
all non-public member data; account or personal information; such as account numbers, access codes,
account ownership and names of account owners; account owner email addresses; demographic
information; and financial transactions conducted within those accounts; any employee information
that would typically be considered of a confidential nature; inventory lists; competitively or business
sensitive material that is not generally known to the public; scientific or technical information,
including hardware information, system descriptions and recovery point information and recovery time
objectives; computer hardware, software or other technical design or information, including processing
parameters and procedures; and relationships with customers or vendors of Contractor, the products of
any of them, and any performance results of any of them.

University will not sell, transfer or share with any third parties any Confidential Information which it
receives during the ordinary course of conducting business with Contractor or otherwise, unless it
receives prior written consent from Contractor following notice given to Contractor by University
specifying exactly what information is to be shared and with whom it will be shared and the reason
permission to disclose is being requested. Any Confidential Information received by University, or any
Contractor-approved recipients, may be used only as is necessary to complete the stated purpose of
this Agreement, except (1) as permitted pursuant to the exceptions listed in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act (15 USC ? 6802) and accompany regulations, and (2) as required by applicable law including
pursuant to a court order or subpoena. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the
rights and responsibilities regarding Confidential Information as herein stated shall survive the
termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, University agrees and promises to destroy any
Confidential Information that it has received or obtained from Contractor, including any copies, within
a reasonable time following its receipt of written notice from Contractor to destroy such Information,
including any medium upon which or within which that Information resides. Unless otherwise
specifically agreed by University and Contractor in a writing made a part of this Agreement between
them, University agrees to perform destruction not later than the date of termination of this
Agreement. University also agrees to provide Contractor with written assurance of such destruction
upon the written request of Contractor. Acceptable means of destruction include fine shredding of any
paper copies, complete incineration of any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the
complete deletion of all applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Confidential Information is
readable or reproducible in any format.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and responsibilities regarding
Confidential Information as herein stated shall be ongoing and shall survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

CONTRACTOR NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACH. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, University agrees to fully disclose any breach in its security resulting in or from any
unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of information or information storage, that may pertain to

