Any such change order shall be in writing signed by the Contracting Officer. The change
order shall be effective as of the date appearing on the change order, unless the change
order specifies a later effective date. Such increases, decreases, changes, or modifications will
not invalidate the Contract, nor, if performance security is being furnished in conjunction
with the Contract, release the security obligation. The Contractor agrees to provide the
service in accordance with the change order. Any dispute by the Contractor in regard to the
performance required under any change order shall be handled through Paragraph 21,
?Contract Controversies?. For purposes of this Contract, ?change order? is defined as a written
order signed by the Contracting Officer directing the Contractor to make changes authorized
under this clause.

35. MANDATORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. All employees and subcontractors of

Contractor who provide a program, activity, or service to the State System that are
responsible for the care, supervision, guidance, or control of children are considered
mandatory reporters of suspected cases of child abuse under Pennsylvania law if the
individual has reasonable cause to suspect that a child is the victim of child abuse under any
of the following circumstances: (i) the mandated reporter comes into contact with the child in
the course of employment, occupation and practice of a profession or through a regularly
scheduled program, activity or service; (ii) the mandated reporter is directly responsible for
the care, supervision, guidance or training of the child, or is affiliated with an agency,
institution, organization, school, regularly established church or religious organization or
other entity that is directly responsible for the care, supervision, guidance or training of the
child; (iii) a person makes a specific disclosure to the mandated reporter that an identifiable
child is the victim of child abuse; or (iv) an individual 14 years of age or older makes a
specific disclosure to the mandated reporter that the individual has committed child abuse.
Nothing in this section shall require a child to come before the mandated reporter in order
for the mandated reporter to make a report of suspected child abuse.

Nothing in this section shall require the mandated reporter to identify the person
responsible for the child abuse to make a report of suspected child abuse. Mandated reporters
must immediately make an oral report of suspected child abuse to the Department of Human
Services (DHS), formerly the Department of Public Welfare, by calling 1- 800-932-0313, or by
filing a written report with DHS through Pennsylvania's Child Welfare Information Solution
portal (https://www.compass.state.pa.us/CWIS). If an oral report is made, a written report
shall also be made within 48 hours to DHS or the county agency assigned to the case as
prescribed by DHS. In addition to the mandatory reporting requirements above, employees
and subcontractors of Contractor must immediately notify the State System that a report of
suspected child abuse has been made.

36. RIGHT TO KNOW LAW. Effective January 1, 2009 all Commonwealth of Pennsylvania records
are subject to the Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law.

(a) The Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law, 65 P.S. ?? 67.101-3104, (?RTKL?) applies to this
Contract. For the purpose of these provisions, the term ?the Commonwealth? shall
refer to the contracting Commonwealth agency.

(b) If the Commonwealth needs the Contractor's assistance in any matter arising out of
the RTKL related to this Contract, it shall notify the Contractor using the legal contact
information provided in this Contract. The Contractor, at any time, may designate a
different contact for such purpose upon reasonable prior written notice to the
Commonwealth.

Page 18 of 22
