e Miscellaneous Sponsorships: Sponsorships are to be mutually agreed upon by Millersville
University and PSECU.

e MU Athletic Department Advertisement/Sponsorships: Funds to be used by Millersville
University?s Athletic Department. Sponsorships are to be mutually agreed upon by the
Millersville University Athletic Department and PSECU.

* General Orientation Support Sponsorship: Funds used to underwrite $3,700 per year ($18,500
over five years) in support of orientation efforts, e.g. co-branded shirts, activities, program
materials. Sponsorship items are to be mutually agreed upon by Millersville University and
PSECU.

e Parent Visitation Program Support: Funds used to underwrite $2,500 per year ($12,500 over five
years) for co-branded parent/student folders and accompanying materials or mutually agreed
upon by Millersville University and PSECU.

? Student Leadership Programing Support: Funds used to sponsor Millersville University?s student
leadership programing, such as CSIL, Excel, and the Maraudership Program. Sponsorships are to
be mutually agreed upon by the Millersville University and PSECU.

? Annual Rent for Campus Office Space: Payment for office space to be used as our financial
education center on campus.

e Annual ATM Rent: Payment for the placement of our ATMs on campus.

Additional Revenue Opportunities for Millersville University
PSECU does offer additional revenue opportunities.
e PSECU has intentionally shifted ATM revenue sharing from non-guaranteed, per transaction
revenue to guaranteed yearly revenue. Annual ATM Rent is now a guaranteed line item in the

above Guaranteed Revenue to Millersville University section.

e Incentives will be payable for any of the following services set up within one year of the
member joining PSECU. Incentives are paid on a monthly basis, the month after services are

activated.

Millersville
PSECU Service Incentive

New Student/Family Member Account $5.00

New Faculty/Staff Account $20.00

Real Estate Equity Loan $20.00

Auto Loan $10.00

Check Card $5.00

Checking $5.00

VISA? $5.00

een eee - cee o - oe we bees ee fo see l
RFP: MVU-SP162784 FOR ATM & BANKING SERVICES PSEG

Cost Proposal | Page 6 of 7
