4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus which would
adversely affect its ability to perform under the terms of this Agreement.

No information conveyed in any written statement from Harrisburg Area
Community College, Harrisburg Campus to Credit Union will, to the knowledge of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus, contain any misstatement
of material fact in connection with this Agreement and the obligations of
Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus under this Agreement.

5

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus will advise Credit Union if
there are any changes in these representations during the term of this Agreement.

6

S

Credit Union represents and warrants to Harrisburg Area Community College,
Harrisburg Campus that, as of the date of this Agreement:

b

1) Credit Union is a corporation organized, existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Credit Union is authorized to
conduct its business in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has all licenses
and permits required to conduct business. The Credit Union is in compliance
with all legislative and regulatory requirements imposed upon credit unions in
Pennsylvania.

Credit Union and the officers or representatives acting on behalf of Credit
Union, have full power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement, and when executed, this
Agreement shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of Credit Union.

2

Credit Union is not in violation of nor will the execution of this
document constitute a violation with respect to any order of any
court or any regulation of any federal, state or other governmental
agency which would materially and adversely affect the financial
condition or operations of Credit Union or adversely affect its ability
to perform under this Agreement.

3

4) No judicial or administrative proceeding of any kind is pending or threatened
against Credit Union which would adversely affect its ability to perform under the

terms of this Agreement.

No information conveyed in any written statement from Credit Union to Harrisburg
Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus will, to the knowledge of Credit
Union, contain any misstatement of material fact in connection with this
Agreement and the obligations of Credit Union under this Agreement.

5

Credit Union will advise Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg Campus if
there are any changes in these representations during the term of this Agreement.

6

15. Notices

Page 9 of 17
