regularly attend various conferences and workshops that allow us to stay on top of industry
trends and the current technologies.

The items listed below are just some examples of the products and services PSECU has either
deployed to our membership or is considering to do so to expand upon our services, not only as
Payment mechanisms for cardholders, but as savings and security tools to guide members along
the path to responsible money management.

On-Campus Mobile App
PSECU is in the final testing phases of our own internally developed mobile app built to help
communicate our activities on campus, including PSECU-sponsored events and financial literacy

workshops, to the students and faculty of our partner schools.

Savings Mobile App
PSECU has released our own internally developed mobile app built to provide members with an

easily accessible tool to manage saving efforts with a specific goal in mind, such as a vacation
or a down payment for a car.

P2P
PSECU is currently working to extend our person-to-person (P2P) payment system into our
mobile app, both for real-time transfers between: 1) PSECU members and 2) from a PSECU

member to other individuals via PayPal?.

Mobile Payments
PSECU is also researching the use of handheld devices as a new payment channel. We envision

the use of handheld devices in a closed loop system as a means to gain knowledge of consumer
acceptance.

PSECU Security and Notification to Members

PSECU relies on a proactive stance to protect our member accounts in the event that credit or
debit card information is compromised. PSECU investigates the compromise and takes the
necessary steps to close and reissue affected cards in order to provide excellent service to our
members. PSECU, as a matter of standard practice, monitors account activity as part of its
fraud prevention and detection practices. In many instances, PSECU becomes aware of
fraudulent activity on cards before the cardholder is aware of their lost, stolen or otherwise
compromised card. In those instances, PSECU may prevent further access to the member?s
account via the card until we can validate the transactions with the cardholder.

We pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for our members.
PSECU offers members Rapport? by Trusteer? (an IBM company), a free security software
download that provides an extra layer of protection when the member is logged into online
banking. In addition, PSECU utilizes multifactor authentication as an additional online security
Provision that employs different forms of verification before allowing access to secured

information.

PSECU is committed to protecting our members? financial information and provides e-Alerts
(via email or text message) which allow our members to be notified of account activity and
reminders on their account. By keeping members informed, PSECU provides the information
needed to be aware of potential fraudulent situations.

Quick Pay Service

PSECU Quick Pay Service allows our members to make one-time loan payments from another
financial institution to PSECU loans by visiting psecu.com/pay. Members do not need to be
enrolled in our online banking to use this service. Since Quick Pay adapts to different screen
sizes, members are able to quickly and conveniently access the service on desktops, laptops,

tablets and smartphones.

eter ? = 7 7 3 Se e
BURFP - RO8423 BANKING SERVICES PROGRAM PSEG@E

PSECU Technical Proposal | Page 15 of 38

