o To other PSECU members
o Person-to-Person payments: transfer to non-PSECU members in the U.S. through

PayPal? with just their email or mobile phone number
Making loan payments
Applying for loans
Opening additional accounts and certificates
Manage debit card limit increases
e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
Travel notifications for card access and security
Credit score provided monthly for eligible members
7 years of archived e-Statements available online at no charge
Online cleared check images and online check search capability
Secure access to PSECU staff for account and technical support

Our mobile app is available to be downloaded on the iPhone?, iPad?, iPod Touch? and Android? devices
and allows members access to the many features, including*:
e Viewing account balances and transaction history
e Transferring funds
o Between one?s own accounts
Into one?s own account from other financial institutions

?
o To other PSECU members
o Person-to-Person payments: transfer to non-PSECU members in the U.S. through

PayPal? with just their email or mobile phone number
Making loan payments
Mobile deposits (In 2001, PSECU was the first financial institution to offer online
deposits, the predecessor of mobile deposits)
Manage debit card limit increases
e-Alerts that keep members informed of recent account activity
Travel notifications for card access and security
Credit score provided monthly to eligible members
Free Bill Payer service; pay up to 80 bills per account
Secure access to PSECU staff for account and technical support

eecesnec

*iPhone?, iPod Touch? and iPad? are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc.
Touch ID is a trademark of Apple, Inc. Android? is a registered trademark of
Google.

Wire Transfers: PSECU offers same day and next day domestic wire transfers from your PSECU
account, Monday through Friday. A domestic wire transfer is defined as using only financial institutions
within the U.S. banking system to send to Recipient or Beneficiary accounts held within the U.S. and
their territories. For wire transfers sent to PSECU from another financial institution, there is no service

charge by PSECU.

Automated Clearing House (ACH) Capability: PSECU is a participating Depository Financial Institution

(DFl) in the Automated Clearing House (ACH) Network that both receives and originates a range of ACH
transactions for its membership to include: Direct Deposit, Direct Debit and online payments through a
direct relationship with the Federal Reserve System. Once a direct deposit is received, the funds will
be deposited directly into either your PSECU Checking (54) or Savings (S1), and the funds are available
for access through online and mobile banking, PSECU's Self-Service Telephone (SST), Checking Shares,
ATM, Bill Payer Service and more.

Auto Loans: PSECU?s auto loan rates typically rival the competition. We are consistently among the
top auto lenders in Pennsylvania. Because we do not price our loans based on our members? credit
scores, all members receive the same low interest rates.

e Same low interest rates for new, used and refinanced vehicle purchases

PSECU TECHNICAL PROPOSAL | RFP #CAL P17-01 36 |
