j) At the request of The Foundation or University, when possible membership drives will be
presented to a campus contact person designated by The Foundation for approval prior
to the Credit Union conducting such a drive. Such requested approval shall not
unreasonably be denied.

. Advertising

a) Either party may refer to the other party in advertising; use the other party's logos,
trademarks, or service marks only with prior written consent of the other party,
including but not limited to, Clarion University?s logo, Each party acknowledges that the
other party's logos, trademarks, and service marks are the sole property of the other
party.

b) However, Credit Union shall be permitted, without obtaining the consent of The

Foundation, to include the address of any ATM in a directory of ATMs and/or other

banking facilities. Credit Union may refer to Clarion University and The Foundation in

any listing of groups eligible to join the Credit Union.

Mutual Indemnification

a) Credit Union shall defend, indemnify and hold The Foundation harmless from and
against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be
suffered, incurred or threatened against The Foundation on account of or resulting
from this Agreement, the existence or operation of any Financial Education Center or
any action or omission of Credit Union, its employees or agents under this Agreement,
provided that Credit Union shall not be required to defend, indemnify or hold The
Foundation harmless from The Foundation own negligence or wrongful conduct or that
of The Foundation agents, employees or independent contractors.

b) The Foundation shall defend, indemnify and hold Credit Union harmless from and

against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever

(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which

may be suffered, incurred, or threatened against Credit Union on account of or

resulting from any actions or omissions of The Foundation, its employees or agents;
provided, however, that this indemnity shall not apply to acts of The Foundation?s
invitees which involve member account related misconduct.

c

LY

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if any Financial
Education Center is damaged or destroyed as a result of an insured peril, or a
peril that ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-insured, or if an insured
liability for bodily injury, death, or property damage arises in the Financial
Education Center, or a liability that ordinarily would be insured if the party is self-
insured, then, whether or not the damage, destruction, bodily injury, death; or
property damage was caused by the negligence of the other party, neither The
Foundation nor Credit Union shall be liable to the other or any insurer of the other
with respect to the insured portion of such damage, destruction, bodily injury,
death or property damage or, if the party is self-insured, the portion of such
damage, destruction, injury, or death that ordinarily would be insured. All policies of
insurance shall contain a provision providing: (1) that the insurer waives its right

Page 5 of 16
PSECU - Confidential

