amounts due under the Contract/purchase order. The purchase order number must be
included on all invoices. In addition, the Commonwealth shall have the right to require
the Contractor to prepare and submit a ?Work In Progress? sheet that contains, at a
minimum, the tasks performed, number of hours, hourly rate, and the purchase order or
task order to which it refers.

7. PAYMENT.

a. The Commonwealth shall put forth reasonable efforts to make payment by
the required payment date. The required payment date is: (a) the date on
which payment is due under the terms of the Contract; (b) thirty (30) days
after a proper invoice actually is received at the ?Provide Service and Bill To?
address if a date on which payment is due is not specified in the Contract (a
?proper? invoice is not received until the Commonwealth accepts the service
as satisfactorily performed); or (c) the payment date specified on the invoice
if later than the dates established by (a) and (b) above. Payment may be
delayed if the payment amount on an invoice is not based upon the price(s) as
stated in the Contract. If any payment is not made within fifteen (15) days
after the required payment date, the Commonwealth may pay interest as
determined by the Secretary of Budget in accordance with Act No. 266 of
1982 and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. Payment should not be
construed by the Contractor as acceptance of the service performed by the
Contractor. The Commonwealth reserves the right to conduct further testing
and inspection after payment, but within a reasonable time after
performance, and to reject the service if such post payment testing or
inspection discloses a defect or a failure to meet specifications. The
Contractor agrees that the Commonwealth may set off the amount of any
state tax liability or other obligation of the Contractor or its subsidiaries to
the Commonwealth against any payments due the Contractor under any
contract with the Commonwealth.

b. The Commonwealth shall have the option of using the Commonwealth
purchasing card to make purchases under the Contract or purchase order, The
Commonwealth?s purchasing card is similar to a credit card in that there will
be a small fee which the Contractor will be required to pay and the
Contractor will receive payment directly from the card issuer rather than the
Commonwealth: Any and all fees related to this type of payment are the
responsibility of the Contractor. In no case will the Commonwealth allow
increases in prices to offset credit card fees paid by the Contractor or any
other charges incurred by the Contractor, unless specifically stated in the
terms of the Contract or purchase order.

8. TAXES. The Commonwealth is exempt from all excise taxes imposed by the Internal
Revenue Service and has accordingly registered with the Internal Revenue Service to
make tax free purchases under Registration No. 2374001-K. With the exception of
purchases of the following items, no exemption certificates are required and none will
be issued: undyed diesel fuel, tires, trucks, gas guzzler emergency vehicles and sports
fishing equipment. The Commonwealth is also exempt from Pennsylvania state sales tax,
local sales tax, public transportation assistance taxes and fees and vehicle rental tax.
The Department of Revenue regulations provide that exemption certificates are not
required for sales made to governmental entities and none will be issued. Nothing in this
paragraph is meant to exempt a construction contractor from the payment of any of
these taxes or fees which are required to be paid with respect to the purchase, use,

Page 5 of 24
