Please refer to Attachment 11 for our Funds Availability Policy.

Are all fees guaranteed for the length of the contract?

PSECU response:

Unlike many financial institutions, PSECU does not rely on fees to drive income.
As stewards of our members? money, many of our members can avoid paying fees
by adopting good consumer behaviors. In addition, PSECU does not change the fee
structure once a student graduates into the working world. Our low- and no-fee
services are the same across our entire membership base. Since PSECU cannot
predict the possibility of regulatory changes for the next five years, we are unable to
accurately state that every fee will remain the same. We can state, however, that
PSECU is committed to delivering world class service while continuing to strive to
be the most affordable choice for consumers when it is time to select a financial
institution.

What is the daily limit for withdrawals?

PSECU response: :
PSECU?s default daily limit for ATM withdrawals using the PSECU Visa? Check
Card is either $300 or $500, depending on an applicant?s credit history.

Describe the process for withdrawing above and beyond the daily limit?

PSECU response:

It is possible for the daily ATM withdrawal limit to be temporarily raised. Members
can call PSECU Call Center at 800.237.7328 or use our online banking to increase
their limits. One raise of the daily limit is allowed per day online provided that the
funds are available in the account to accommodate the request.

Describe in detail fraud procedures

PSECU response:

PSECU, as a matter of standard practice, monitors account activity as part of its
fraud prevention and detection practices. In many instances, PSECU becomes aware
of fraudulent activity on cards before the cardholder is aware the card has been lost,
stolen or otherwise compromised. In those instances, PSECU may prevent further
access to the member?s account via the card until we can validate the transactions
with the cardholder.

We pride ourselves on the online and mobile security measures in place for our
members. PSECU offer members Rapport? by Trusteer (an IBM company) a free
security software download that provides an extra layer of protection when the
member is logged into online banking. In addition, PSECU utilizes multifactor
authentication as an additional online security provision that employs different forms
of verification before allowing access to secured information.

In addition, PSECU is committed to protecting our members? financial information
and provides e-Alerts (via email or text message) which allows our members to be
notified of account activity and reminders on their account. By keeping members
informed, PSECU provides the information needed to be aware of potential

39
