Attachment A

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus Financial Educational

Center of Credit Union

Location. Dates and Hours of Operation

The Financial Educational Center will be located on the Lancaster campus of
Harrisburg Area Community College at 1641 Old Philadelphia Pike, Lancaster,
PA 17602. Dates and hours of operation will be determined on an as needed
basis. The College and the Credit Union agree to open the Financial
Educational Center when the renovations of the student affairs area of the
campus? Main building are completed (Expected in March, 2015). The College
and the Credit Union agree to cooperatively work on the location/design of
the Financial Education Center in the renovation plan prior to its opening.

Purpose of Financial Educational Center

Teach Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus students,
faculty and staff about Credit Union services; promote Credit Union
membership by one-on-one interactions at the Financial Educational Center
and telephone contacts; demonstrate how to use automated delivery
systems located in the Financial Educational Center; Offer Students, Faculty
and Staff a comprehensive financial literacy program that can be used to
promote responsible monetary decision making throughout their lives. Assist
those on campus in the application process for Credit Union membership or
services.

Expenses

Upon the completion of the renovations of the student affairs area of the campus?
Main building the following expenses will be paid as indicated:

Utilities - all but electric and janitorial services for the Financial Education
Center will be paid by Credit Union; electric and janitorial service expenses
paid by Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus

Insurance - Credit Union shall maintain insurance coverage typical of rented
space and employee bonding for the Financial Education Center upon
opening.

Equipment, supplies, brochures, applications and literature provided and
paid by Credit Union

Page 14 of 18

14
