18.

19.

destroy such Information, including any medium upon which or within which
that Information resides. Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus
agrees to destroy all Confidential Member Information that it has received or
obtained from PSECU, and any copies made, not later than the date of
termination of this Agreement, and Harrisburg Area Community College,
Lancaster Campus also agrees to provide PSECU with written assurance of such
destruction upon the written request of PSECU. Acceptable means of
destruction include fine shredding of any paper copies, complete incineration of
any applicable software or compact discs or DVDs, and the complete deletion of
all applicable electronic copies and backups so that no Information is readable
or reproducible in any format.

Inspection of Records

Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus shall make available, at
no added expense to itself, all accounting, operational and business records,
which are in Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus?s possession
or under its control and which are necessary to verify the basis for all charges
billed to Credit Union hereunder, available for Credit Union?s examination upon
at least five (5) business days prior written notice. Inspection shall be during
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus?s regular business hours,
and records shall be made available for the term of the Agreement up to a
period of three (3) years after its completion or termination. Any Harrisburg
Area Community College, Lancaster Campus subcontracts directly related to this
Agreement shall contain a similar provision to this paragraph, giving Credit
Union the above rights.

Notice of security breach

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Harrisburg Area
Community College, Lancaster Campus agrees to fully disclose any breach in its
security resulting in or from any unauthorized intrusions, or any loss or theft of
information or information storage, that may pertain to any information of
Credit Union or its members. Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster
Campus agrees to report the date, time, and manner of any such breach, the
effect of the breach on Credit Union, and any specific corrective action
Harrisburg Area Community College, Lancaster Campus will be taking in
response to the intrusion, loss or theft directly to the Credit Union within 24
hours of recognition of said breach, loss or theft of information or information
storage.

20. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitutes one and the same
instrument.

Page 11 of 18

11
