1-15

2-1

2-2

NEWS RELEASES

News releases pertaining to this project may not be made without prior written permission
of the University, and then only in coordination with the Issuing Office.

Effective 1/1/09, all responses to this procurement opportunity are subject to the
Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law, 65 P.S., 67.101 et seq., (Act 3 of 2008). The Right-to-
Know Law permits any requestor to inspect and/or copy any record prepared and
maintained or received in the course of the operation of a public office or agency that is
not subject to the enumerated exceptions under the law. If your response to the
procurement opportunity contains a trade secret or confidential proprietary
information, you should include with your response a separate signed written
statement to that effect. Should your response become the subject of a
Pennsylvania Right-to-Know Law request, you will be notified by the procurement
office to identify all trade secrets or confidential proprietary information that is
included in your response. The agency will then determine whether the claimed
trade secret or confidential and proprietary information is subject to disclosure.

Good/Services described herein within this Request for Proposal/Quote awarded by the
University to the Contractor may also be procured by any other university that is part of
the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (?PASSHE?), including the Dixon
University Center (Office of the Chancellor) and the Contractor agrees to supply the
goods/services to those uhiversities on the same terms and conditions. To the extent
that other universities may procure goods/services awarded through the Request for
Proposal/Quote process, they assume the liability for payment to the successful
Contractor.

UNIVERSITY BACKGROUND

Millersville University is an institution of higher learning that provides both undergraduate
and graduate programs. It has an enrollment of 8,100 students and is located in
Millersville, Pennsylvania. It is one of the fourteen state-owned universities in
Pennsyivania?s State System of Higher Education. The University?s principal mission is
to provide public higher education. For additional information regarding the University
and its campus, please visit our website, www.millersville.edu.

Millersville University wishes to provide its interested students and employees with high
quality, low cost banking services. It currently houses one full service ATM machine in its
Student Memorial Center (SMC), one full service ATM machine located on Centennial
Drive, one withdrawal only ATM in Lyle Hall, one withdrawal only ATM in Gordinier Hall,
and one withdrawal only machine in the Ware Center. These ATM's are designed to meet
the convenience banking needs of the university community. A banking services center
(e-center) is currently located in the lobby of the Student Memorial Center (SMC) and
operated by its current contractor.
