PSECU Service Incentive

New Account (Student) $5.00
New Account (Faculty/Staff) $20.00 ae

hecking Service $5.00 ee

heck Card $5.00 i oe
Visa? S30 Bees os
NGG $10.00 [ee
Real Estate Equity Loan _ ? $20.00 a Bere Shee a |

8. Membership Application Expense. For all College member accounts, Contractor shall make the
$5 share purchase on behalf of the member applicant. If the member withdraws membership within the first
year, the $5 share will be retained by Contractor.

9. Mutual Indemnification. The parties agree to strike paragraph 12 of the Agreement and replace it with the
following:

a) Contractor shall defend, indemnify and hold College and its trustees, employees, and agents harmless
from and against all costs, expenses, damages and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred or
threatened against College on account of or resulting from this Agreement, the existence or operation
of any Financial Educational Center or ATM, or any negligent act or omission or willful misconduct of
Contractor, or its employees, agents or independent contractors under this Agreement, provided that
Contractor shall not be required to defend, indemnify or hold College harmless from the negligent acts
or omissions or willful misconduct of College or College?s employees, agents, or independent
contractors.

Contractor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the College from all suits and actions of
every nature and description brought against it or the College, for or on account of the use of patented
appliances, products, or processes, and Contractor shall pay all royalties and charges which are legal
and equitable, as it applies to product or service supplied under this Agreement.

b) College shall defend, indemnify, and hold Contractor and its employees and agents harmless from and
against all costs, expenses, damages, and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses) which may be suffered, incurred, or
threatened against Contractor on account of or resulting from any negligent acts or omissions or willful
misconduct of College, or its employees, agents or independent contractors under this Agreement;
provided that the College shall not be required to defend, indemnify or hold harmless Contractor or its
employees or agents from any member account related misconduct, or from the negligent acts or
omissions or willful misconduct of Contractor or Contractor?s agents, employees, or independent
contractors.

Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the College retains its right to the immunities
and limitations on liability set forth in the Political Subdivision Tort Claims Act (the ?Tort Claims Act?),
42 Pa. C.S.A. ?? 8541-8564, and the statutory limits thereof and any other immunity to which the
College is entitled. The provisions of the Tort Claims Act are incorporated by reference herein.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as waiving any of the College?s rights or immunities
granted by the Tort Claims Act or as conferring upon third parties any rights against the College not
specifically granted by the Tort Claims Act.

c) This paragraph 12 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
The Agreement and its Exhibits are incorporated into this Amendment No. 1, and are to be given the same

level of precedence as set forth in paragraph 2 of the Agreement. In the event that this Amendment No. 1 and
the Agreement conflict, the terms of this Amendment No. 1 will control.
