(h)

(i)

(i)

(c)

(d)

(e)

to Bank that it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby.
The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a GKIHS
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such
Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(h). GKIHS may not use any
Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. GKIHS shall not register or attempt
to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any GKIHS Trademark.
Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain GKIHS Trademarks to promote or identify the Program
and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during
the Term. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, GKIHS shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all GKIHS
Services.

Upon prior written notice, GKIHS shall permit and cooperate with Bank (and its Representatives) to
audit, test and inspect GKIHS?s policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with
Applicable Laws and records as related to the Program, GKIHS Services and the performance of GKIHS?s
duties and obligations hereunder {including that of its and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. GKIHS shall promptly remediate any deficiencies found with
respect to compliance with Applicable Laws and/or this Agreement as a result of any such audits, tests
or inspections. GKIHS?s failure or refusal to: (1) cooperate; or (2) remediate any such deficiencies within
30 days of written notice to GKIHS shall be deemed a material breach by GKIHS of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(j) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the
conclusion of the Wind-Down Period for a period of two years.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
GKIHS.

Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort.

Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of GKIHS.

Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of GKIHS. However, Bank may maintain separately and shail own all information that it obtains

7

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
