10.

Representative. GW will cooperate fully (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents to cooperate fully) with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. GW will reimburse
Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a
security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. GW will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents
to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch
any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in
writing, ?timely? will mean that GW will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after GW (or its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security problem). This
obligation extends to all devices that comprise GW?s system (or that of its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches,
hubs and to all of GW?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner terminated in
accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on October 31, 2026 (?Initial
Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for a one-
year period, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties
(each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?), unless either Party gives written
notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current
Term, provided that this Agreement shall only automatically extend for four (4) Renewal Terms.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of the State
of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any
other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware
and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, GW may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products offered
under the Program using GW Marketing Channels; provided GW pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses
associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank as described
below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant
to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion
specimen marketing materials for GW?s use in connection with GW?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes
such specimens available, GW will only use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group
Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, GW will be
responsible for all expenses with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. GW will seek Bank?s approval at least
sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

-13-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
