DocuSign Envelope ID: 6EEE6E/3-E027-438F-B8CD-BOOC5A95478A

12.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to UVAA effective as of the date specified in
such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, UVAA agrees that it shall (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its
systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy within 30 days all such
Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any
medium whatsoever. UVAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current destruction policy. UVAA shall have the right to
retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent required by Applicable Law provided that such retention
is in accordance with and continues to be subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. UVAA shall
promptly certify its compliance with these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection
11(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block? identifying
the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided, however that
changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as provided below in
Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the entire agreement of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s), merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any
prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations, understandings, and agreements
between any of the Parties (including the Previous Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether
oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed
as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether
of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or
delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be
construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or
privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 12(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(d) Titles, captions, and headings included herein are for convenience of reference only and are not to
affect the meaning, construction, or interpretation hereof or of any provision hereof.

(e) It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is
sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by a court of competent
jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any reason, such provision,
as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly

-17-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
