may be, from Bank's use of the Association Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon
or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the
other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any
Association Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection
4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, Association represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of
any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the
Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is
Association or its Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or
territory that is the subject of Sanctions. Association represents and warrants that neither it nor its
Representatives and Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. Association
represents and warrants that neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or
their Agents) will use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any
activities with any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is
the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions.
The provisions of this Subsection 4({c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to Association with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to Association until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and
ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as
otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) if at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify Association in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business
days after Association?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully
executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact,
Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the
Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to Association, upon 90 days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program
remains subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall

-11-
