03/02/2018 17:07 FAX ws

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

o24/033

U-H_O@C @

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay AAUM a Royalty calculated as follows for those
accounts with active charging privileges. For clarity, Royalties will not be paid for Student Credit Catd

Accounts. Bank may create a speci
Program, and will not pay compens
hereunder are subject to adjustment

A, CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS
lL

B. REWARD ACCOUNTS

$3.00 (three dollars)
at least ninety (90) co

on for such designated accounts, All Royalty payments due

ion of consumer accounts for AAUM employees under the

y Bank for any prior overpayment of Royalties by Bank:

each new Credit Card Account opened, which remains open for
secutive days and that is utillzed by the Customer within the first

ninety (90) consecutive days of the Credit Card Account's opening for at least one (1)

purchase or cash adval

ce that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back

request, or otherwise disputed,

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual foe is paid by the

Customer. If no annu:

fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy

waiver by Bank), then|such Royalty will be paid for each Credit Card Account that: 1)
has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after
the opening of that Credit Card Account: and 2) has had active charging privileges for

each of the preceding

elve (12) months.

0.50% (fifty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by
Customers using a Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions that (1) relate to

refunds, returns and/or

unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent

transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, person to person money transfers, bets,
lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

$100.00 (one hundred
least ninety (90) cons
ninety (90) consecutiv
or cash advance which
request, or otherwise
opening-of-an-account

ollars) for each GIP Account opened, which remains open for at

tive days and which is utilized by the Customer within the first
days of the GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase
iis not subsequently rescinded, the subject of'a charge back
sputed. Such GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other
Royalty.

Reward Account Royalty compensatign provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other
form of Credit Card Accounts will not|apply to Reward Accounts.

1.

$3,00 (three dollars) for each new Reward Account opened, which remains open for at

least ninety (90) conse
ninety (90) consecutiv
purchase or cash advan:

tive days and that is utilized by the Customer within the first
days of the Reward Account?s opening for at least one (1)
that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back

Page 23 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

