DocuSign Envelope ID: BCDSF8F3-B295-4B99-943F-ASC5C15F622D

collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as statements, welcome packages, and card
carriers. UM shall not attempt to cause the removal of UM Trademarks from any Person?s credit
devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of the day immediately following
the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have the right to use UM Trademarks on
such credit devices, debit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or
exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing UM Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this
Subsection 11(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify UM in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms
of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after UM?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both
Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program,
or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UM, upon 90 days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated
program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null
and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, UM agrees that neither UM nor any UM Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product ora related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UM may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by UM, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11/(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to UM effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, UM agrees that it shall
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and
purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy
within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or
reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. UM shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current
destruction policy. UM shall have the right to retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent
required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to be
subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. UM shall promptly certify its compliance with
these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection 11(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

-17-

EXECUTION COPY- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
