its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30
days of written notice to USCAA shall be deemed a material breach by USCAA of this Agreement. Bank
will bear all costs of any audit, inspection, monitoring, testing or review. USCAA will bear all costs of any
remediation. The provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period for a period of two years.

(I USCAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, ina reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to USCAA Activities for the period of time as instructed in
writing by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a
period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to USCAA?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with USCAA Activities. To the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, USCAA will give prior
notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within USCAA?s
Possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives). At Bank?s written request, USCAA shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a
protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of the Term.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of USCAA or otherwise made
available to USCAA and requested in writing by Bank, USCAA will promptly deliver to Bank at USCAA? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering USCAA?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing USCAA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type Il Audit Report (or any successor or replacement
reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the 1S027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). USCAA will not require, and will cause its
Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further
agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) USCAA acknowledges that Bank has directed USCAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b).

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members, at no cost
to USCAA except where such costs are allocated to USCAA as expressly provided in this Agreement.

(b) Bank shall design and produce, at its expense, all advertising, solicitation, and promotional
materials used in the Program except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort. Bank reserves
the right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of USCAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of USCAA.

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
