12.

right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to GW, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the
event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided
for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by
its express terms are meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and
obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program
shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for
any reason, GW agrees that neither GW nor any GW Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others,
directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related product to persons who were
Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GW may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service
program endorsed by GW, provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a
part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly
identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all
Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to GW effective as of the date specified in
such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, GW agrees that it shall (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately return or destroy and purge
from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy within 30 days all
such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in
any medium whatsoever. GW shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current destruction policy. GW shall have the right to
retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent required by Applicable Law provided that such retention
is in accordance with and continues to be subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. GW shall
promptly certify its compliance with these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection
11(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block? identifying
the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided, however that
changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as provided below in
Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the entire agreement of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s), merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any
prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations, understandings, and agreements
between any of the Parties (including the Previous Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether
oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

-16-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
