? the Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein shall be construed with and as an integral part of this
Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

. a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to
the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph;
? ?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the

context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof;

. ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase ?Business Days?;
. references to ?months? and ?years? means calendar months and years unless otherwise specified;
. to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by

either or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement,
approval or consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment;

. to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other,
unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed;

. text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in parentheses;

? any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision means such statute or
statutory provision as it has been amended through the date as of which the particular portion of
this Agreement is to take effect, or to any successor statute or statutory provision relating to the
same subject as the statutory provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable
rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

. unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this
Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or
exhibits, renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement,
instrument or document;

. references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount
at the close of business on such day;

. any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be
due on the first Business Day thereafter;

. References to money or dollar amounts (?S?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise
specified;

? A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

e accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles;

e terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning,

and those terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall
be interpreted in accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other
business contexts; and,

e when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be
done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating
such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period
shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF CAA

(a) CAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither CAA
nor any CAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University, directly or
indirectly: (i) endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, and unless notice of intent not to renew
has been given pursuant to Subsection 8(b) solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than

-6-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
