Bank. In addition. if WFU or any WFU Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection
with such sales, WFU shall not, and shall cause WFU Affiliates not to, favor any payment
product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under
the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, WFU may accept
print advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain
an express endorsement by WFU of said financial institution?s Financial Service Product.

(b) Bank acknowledges that WFU may entertain the offering of certain non-endorsed financial
service products (?Certain Non-Endorsed FSPs? ) through certain financial institutions (?Certain
FI?) in the future at on-campus and athletics facilities. Therefore, notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, such offerings will not be construed to violate the exclusivity
obligations of Section 2(a), nor prohibit WFU from allowing a Certain FI to provide Certain
Non-Endorsed FSPs at such facilities; provided, however, that WFU will not: (x) provide to or
permit any Certain FI to use WFU Trademarks set forth on Schedule __, and any successor or
replacement trademark to such Trademark, in relation to or dedicated to the promotion of Certain
Non-Endorsed FSPs: and/or (y) provide lists of Members to any Certain FI for the purpose of
enabling it to solicit such Members for Financial Service Products, as same is defined in this
Agreement. Furthermore, any such offering of Certain Non-Endorsed FSPs shall carry neither
the express nor implied endorsement of WFU.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank acknowledges that and BB&T Bank have a contractual
arrangement whereby BB&T Bank owns the naming rights to WFU?s football field. As a result
of this arrangement BB&T Bank has exclusive rights to market its non-endorsed financial
services products (credit cards, debit cards and deposits) within the football stadium grounds at
WEFU football games. As delineated herein as of the Effective Date, Bank agrees this
relationship shall not be deemed to violate the exclusivity obligations described in Section 2(a)
above. Further, Bank acknowledges the relationship between the city of Winston-Salem. owner
of WFU?s basketball arena, the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum (?Joel Coliseum?)
and Wells Fargo Bank. Pursuant to that agreement, Wells Fargo Bank has rights to market its
non-endorsed financial service products (credit cards, debit cards and deposits) through signage
and tabling promotions at Joel Coliseum. As delineated herein as of the Effective Date, Bank
agrees that this relationship with Wells Fargo. as well as any successor financial institution
chosen by the city of Winston-Salem provided the promotion within Joel Coliseum occurs as
described herein, shall not be deemed to violate the exclusivity obligations described in Section
2(a).

(d) WFU agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(e) WFU authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail. direct promotion, internet, email.
advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.
Notwithstanding the foregoing. nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Bank from
fulfilling a WFU student?s request for a Financial Service Product under the Program.

(f) WFU will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials to
be used by Bank that contain a WFU Trademark: such approval will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in the WFU
Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards), Bank may deduct such reasonable costs

Page 4 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
