SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
The General Alumni Association of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

This Agreement ("Agreement??) is entered into as of this 1st day of April, 2017 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and The Genera! Alumni Association of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, an
unincorporated North Carolina association having its principal place of business in the George Watts Hill Alumni
Center on Stadium Drive, Chapel Hill, North Carolina (?GAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?),
for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, GAA and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated
January 31, 2006, as the same may have been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain fists provided to Bank by or on behalf of GAA; and

WHEREAS, GAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, GAA and
Bank agree as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or
part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of Interpretation therein shall apply to this
Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their use.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF GAA

IN

(a) GAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither GAA nor any
GAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise,
aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other
than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license,
allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the GAA Trademarks in relation to or
for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or
otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing
lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting
any Financia! Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if GAA or any GAA Affiliate
sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, GAA shall not, and shal! cause GAA Affiliates
not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of
payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary,
GAA may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution
provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by GAA of said
financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

The parties agree that the exclusivity provided in this Agreement for Financial Service Products shall not
affect the terms of the prior agreement between the University?s Athletic Department (?UNC Athletics?)
and Wells Fargo & Company (?Wells Fargo?) wherein UNC Athletics provides Wells Fargo signage rights
in the Smith Center and Kenan Stadium to advertise financial service products including, but not limited
to, a check card.

1

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

