(?Impact?), then Bank may notify ESAUT in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. Such notification shall include a reasonably
detailed description of the Impact. If, within 30 business days after ESAUT?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the
Parties have not, despite their good faith efforts, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties
and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposit
Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to ESAUT,
upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program
or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(d),
such terminated program remains subject to the provisions in the Agreement that by their terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in
any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be
null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to ESAUT with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any

student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets and the Marketing Lists), legally privileged information
and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent
applicable, its subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives, and collectively with the
other Party, ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this
Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Without limitation of any of the
foregoing, the Marketing Lists shall be considered ESAUT?s Information. Information shall be deemed to
include information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall
not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement
or as mutually agreed in writing. Information will be used by Recipient only for purposes of, or as
otherwise authorized by, this Agreement or to comply with any Applicable Law. Recipient will hold the
Information of the disclosing Party the same care it uses to protect its own Information of like importance.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose Information: (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive in
this Agreement; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority
(including ESAUT?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)); provided that (a) to the extent not prohibited
by Applicable Law or Governmental Authority, Recipient provides the disclosing Party with prior written
notice of such obligation and the opportunity to oppose such disclosure or obtain a protective order; (b)
Recipient only discloses such Information as is required to comply with such Applicable Law or
Governmental Authority; and (c) no such disclosure shall otherwise exempt such Information from being
