(h)

(c)

(d)

(e)

69)
(g)

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
CAA Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank
may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). CAA may
not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered
by Bank through the Program. CAA shall not register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any CAA Trademark. Bank may use
Program Trademarks that contain CAA Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any
products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the
term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank wil! design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any CAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of all materials
concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of CAA.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any CAA Marketing Effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of CAA.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will protect and keep the Marketing Lists in strict confidence. Bank
will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional
material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the sole property of CAA.
However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information that it obtains as a result
of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that
Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by
CAA.

[Intentionally deleted]

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, CAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may offer to current affinity cardholders any financial service products or
services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products,
collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such
Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when
using CAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?,
as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation,
unless CAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers?
means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that
relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an

Page 5 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
