Alumni Association or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank
may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due Alumni Association. If such
costs exceed such payments, upon demand Alumni Association shall promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs. Alumni Association shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least eighty-two thousand (82,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible
but no later than 30 days after Alumni Association?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, Alumni Association represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in
accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f} Alumni Association shall, and shall cause any Alumni Association Affiliates to, only provide
information to or otherwise communicate {including chat and social media) with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and
solicitation materials provided by Bank to Alumni Association. Notwithstanding the above, Alumni
Association may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual
basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials
provided by Bank to Alumni Association. Any correspondence received by Alumni Association that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by Alumni Association shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by Alumni
Association that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) JMIS hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates during the Term (i) a limited, exclusive license to use
the University Trademarks with the Program and, subject to JMIS?s right of approval set forth in Section
2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products; and (ii) a limited, non-exclusive license to
use the University Trademarks with any debit card program (including prepaid card program), Deposit
Program, or the functional equivalent and, subject to JMIS?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d),
on or in conjunction with any debit card program (including pre-paid card program), deposit program, or
the functional equivalent; Alumni Association hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates during the Term (i) a
limited, exclusive license to use the Alumni Association Trademarks with the Program and, subject to
Alumni Association?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial
Service Products; and (ii) a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Alumni Association Trademarks with
any debit card program (including prepaid card program), Deposit Program, or the functional equivalent
and, subject to Alumni Association?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with
any debit card program (including pre-paid card program), deposit program, or the functional equivalent
(collectively, the JMIS and Alumni Association licenses shall be referred to as ?License?). This License
transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This License shall remain in effect for the Term of this
Agreement. This License shail apply to the Alumni Association Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such Alumni Association Trademarks or University Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual.
Alumni Association shall provide Bank all Alumni Association Trademark and JMIS shall provide Bank all
University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art} required by Bank for the Program as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after the Parties? execution of this Agreement. Nothing
stated in this Agreement prohibits Alumni Association from granting to other persons a license to use
the Alumni Association Trademarks, nor JMIS from granting to other persons a license to use the
University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term,
each of Alumni Association and JMIS represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive
right to grant such License to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

3
