those opened (as required by Applicable Law) during such period; and (iii) remove UVAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks from Program collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as
statements, welcome packages, and card carriers. UVAA shall not attempt to cause the removal of
UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks from any Person?s credit devices, debit devices, checks or
records of any Customer existing as of the latter to occur of (i) 90 days immediately following the
expiration or earlier termination of the Term or (ii) the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period. Bank shall
cease issuing credit cards bearing UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks no later than 12 months
following the expiration of the Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify UVAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after UVAA?s receipt of Bank?s
notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to
both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, upon 90 days advance written
notice.

(f) For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, UVAA agrees that neither UVAA, University nor any UVAA Affiliate shall, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product
ora related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UVAA, University
and any UVAA Affiliate may, after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons
who were Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by
UVAA, University or any UVAA Affiliate provided the opportunity is not only made available to such
persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons
are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that
differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection 11/(f) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior written notice to UVAA effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,
however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as
provided below in Section 12(f).

(b) This Agreement: (i) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect of the subject matter hereof and thereof; (ii) collectively constitute the entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; and (iii) supersede,
merge, and integrate herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations,
understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Original Agreement),
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof or thereof. This Agreement does not
and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement between the
Parties that survives the expiration or earlier termination of that agreement.

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
