(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

terminates or expires. If this GIP Agreement is terminated, the Royalty Agreement shall
automatically terminate on the same date without further action by either party and vice versa.

STATE LAW GOVERNING GIP AGREEMENT

This GIP Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of North Carolina
(without regard to its conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for all purposes to be made
and fully performed in North Carolina.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this GIP Agreement by Bank or UCFF, the other party
may terminate this GIP Agreement by giving notice to the breaching party. Notice pursuant to
this Section 9(a) will (i) include a description of the material breach; and (ii) state the party's
intention to terminate this GIP Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or substantially
cure such breach within sixty (60) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure
Period?), then this GIP Agreement will terminate sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

If either Bank or UCFF becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets or it is unable to
meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it is adjudicated
insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership. conservatorship or liquidation
then the other party may immediately terminate this GIP Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and corollary to Section 10(c) of the
Royalty Agreement, UCFF will. except as set forth in this Section 9(c) of this Agreement. cease
to use the Bank trademarks and Program Trademarks for Program marketing services purposes,
provided that UCFF may conclude all solicitations required by law. Upon the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement. UCFF will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
Bank trademarks or Program Trademarks.

Bank will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating
or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this GIP Agreement to be communicated
by UCFF or any UCFF Affiliate to the Members. Such approval will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

In the event that Applicable Law has or will have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses
(including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this GIP
Agreement), as determined in Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify UCFF in
writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the GIP Agreement to address the Event. If.
within thirty (30) business days after UCFF?s receipt of Bank?s notice. the parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both parties, Bank shall have
the right to terminate the GIP Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UCFF,
upon one hundred eighty (180) days advance written notice.

All amounts due, accrued or earned by a party pursuant to the terms of this GIP Agreement as of
the effective date of termination of this GIP Agreement shall be due and payable from the owing
party to the owed party within the time periods set forth in the Agreement for the rendering of
such payments.
Page 4 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
