(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program,
including if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of GUAA.

{c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of GUAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of GUAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by GUAA.

(f) Bank will only permit access to the Marketing Lists to those Affiliates, Representatives, and third
parties of Bank who need such access to perform their duties relating to the Program or this Agreement,
and will not transfer any Marketing List to any other individual or organization except where necessary
to comply with Applicable Law or Governmental Authority. Bank shall instruct all those Representatives,
Affiliates, and third parties who work with any Marketing List of Bank?s duties and limitations under this
Agreement.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, GUAA acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously
with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement.
However, when using GUAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank
Products (excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless GUAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade, money
market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts and individual
retirement accounts). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank's own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) GUAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) (t is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

-10-
