?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common
law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory
examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank.

?Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by JMG (including such services further
delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives) pursuant
to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks in the United
States are authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s

personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Credit Card

Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument that is a card?s or
plate?s functional equivalent.

?Credit Card Program? means those co- branded credit card programs and services, and the promotion

thereof, Bank has the right to, and agrees to, offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from
time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Debit Card? means a co-branded card, plate and/or any other device or instrument that is a card?s or
plate?s functional equivalent, associated with a Deposit Account.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account Opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.
