(c) that identical ?dummy? information was not provided by MBNA America or its affiliates to any
third party.

5. All Customer Lists are (i) confidential and proprietary and (ii) shall remain the sole property
of MBNA America. SLU expressly acknowledges and agrees that SLU has no property right or interest
whatsoever in any Customer List. SLU shall hold all Customer Lists in strict and absolute confidence and
shall not provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send. sell or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any
Customer List and shall not make any copies of a Customer List of any type whatsoever except as expressly
approved in a separate writing by MBNA America. Atall times SLU shall keep in confidence and trust all
Customer Lists. SLU further agrees that it shall not transfer any Customer List to any other organization or
individual under any circumstances, and SLU specifically but not by way of limitation agrees that no
subcontractors and/or affiliates shall be transferred any Customer List unless agreed to in writing by MBNA
America prior to any such transfer. (This paragraph would prohibit, by means of example only, transferring
any list of MBNA America cardholders to any financial institution during the term of the Agreement or after
the termination of the Agreement.)

6. SLU shall have no authority to use the Customer List for any purpose not expressly permitted
by MBNA America in a separate writing. SLU shall comply with any reasonable request of MBNA America
with respect to security precautions to maintain the security of the Customer List. SLU agrees to secure and
safeguard the Customer List in strict accordance with the requirements of this Section and MBNA America?s
instructions, as communicated by MBNA America to SLU from time to time. SLU shall only permit access to
the Customer List to those employees, volunteers, agents and/or representatives of SLU who need such access
to perform their duties for SLU. In view of the confidential nature of the Customer List, SLU warrants that
SLU and all its employees, volunteers, agents and/or representatives who work with any Customer List shall
be made aware of the obligations contained in this Section and shall be under strict legal obligation not to copy
any Customer List, transfer any Customer List or make any other use of any Customer List other than as
specifically approved by this Section.

7. Because the nature of the Customer List makes an evaluation of damages after a violation of
this Addendum impossible, then in the event that any Customer List is handled or used in a fashion that
violates this Addendum by SLU or its employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives, MBNA America
will be entitled to damages of twenty dollars ($20.00) for each use of each category of information (e.g.,
names, addresses, etc.) used in violation of this Addendum, with the amount of damages not to exceed one
hundred fifty thousand dollars ($1 50,000.00) per breach. In addition, SLU agrees that MBNA America shall
be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by SLU and/or its employees,
volunteers, agents or representatives of this Addendum, and consents to submit to jurisdiction of the courts of
the State of Delaware and of the United States of America located in the State of Delaware for any actions,
suits or proceedings arising out of or related to this Addendum or the Agreement. Nothing herein shall be
construed as prohibiting MBNA America from pursuing any other remedy on account of such breach or
threatened breach.

8. In the event SLU receives a request to disclose a Customer List pursuant to a subpoena, order
of court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee,
SLU agrees to: (i) immediately notify MBNA America of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding
such request; (ii) consult with MBNA America on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or
narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Customer List is required or deemed advisable, exercise its
best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such
Portion of the Customer List to be disclosed which MBNA America designates.

G:DepvSales_K/ContracU/S/Saint Louis Univ CLADD 2
02/05/01
