provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately forty-five
(45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify IUAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after IUAA?s
receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to |UAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in
the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as
provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable survival
provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement
with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to IUAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any

student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes to
its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant
to the Program).

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third
parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its
Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be
disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or as
mutually agreed in writing. Information does not include (i) information which is generally available to the
public; (ii) information already in Recipient?s or its Representatives? possession prior to the Effective Date,
(iii) information that becomes available to Recipient or its Representatives from a source not known by
Recipient to be bound by an obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information, and (iv)
information independently developed and unrelated to this Agreement or the Program by Recipient or its
Representatives.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial

advisors, marketing advisors, Affiliates, and Representatives (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for
the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as

-13-
