SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
FORDHAM UNIVERSITY

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1* day of February, 2016 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and Fordham University, an educational institution having its principal place of business in Bronx,
New York(?Fordham??, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank (and its predecessors-in-interest MBNA America Bank, N.A. and FIA Card
Services, N.A.) are currently parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated December
10, 2008, which Agreement reflected prior Affinity Agreements and amendments dated September 28, 1995,
July 8, 1998, July 23, 1999, June 17, 2004, June 25, 2004, January 17, 2006, as amended by a Deposit Program
Addendum dated July 1, 2009 and by an Addendum dated October 1, 2009 (?Original Agreement?), wherein
Bank provides certain financial services to certain Persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of Fordham; and

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, Fordham
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

(a) When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases shall have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below or in the section that defines them, whether used in
the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender:

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer or their account under the
program (?Accountholder?), the Bank, or the Program.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information that Bank may furnish to Fordham
solely for the purpose of this Agreement. ?Accountholder List? includes any whole or partial copies or
compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information derived solely from
an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is utilized by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of the Credit Card Account?s
opening for at least one purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a
charge back request, or otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

F

i

FORDHAM UNIVERS: MENT (EXECUTION Copy)

