(a)(2) Both Parties agree that University is not a party to this Agreement. Further, the Parties acknowledge
that University has an existing relationship with Wells Fargo to provide students a student ID and stored value
card (?University Student Financial Services Products?). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, this Agreement does not preclude these University Student Financial Services Products to students of
the University, provided that The Association shall not provide lists of Members to Wells Fargo to solicit
Members for any Financial Services Products.

(b) The Association agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) The Association authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means mutually agreed upon for participation in
the Program.

(d) The Association shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an Association Trademark or
University Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a
cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in The Association Trademarks or
University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct
such costs from any Royalties due The Association. If such costs exceed Royalties then due The Association,
upon demand The Association shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, but not more than four times per year, The
Association shall provide Bank with its entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided,
however, that The Association shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information
regarding any Member who has expressly requested that The Association not provide his/her personal
information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In
the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by The Association or its agents for an initial
Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including
Royalties) then due The Association. If such costs exceed such payments, upon demand The Association shall
promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, The Association shall provide
the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least one hundred sixty thousand (160,000)
non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after The Association?s execution of
this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, The Association represents and warrants that the Marketing List
has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) The Association shall, and shall cause any The Association Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the
Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to The Association. Notwithstanding the above, The Association may respond to individual inquiries about
the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent
with the then-current materials provided by Bank to The Association. Any correspondence received by The
Association that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier
expenses incurred by The Association shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by The
Association that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications),
the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) The Association hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use Association
Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject to The Association?s right of approval
set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products (in the case of the University

-7-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
