(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed
by or on behalf of IUAA; provided that Bank shall not register or attempt to register any IUAA Trademark
or University Trademark. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in Bank
Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of IUAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of IUAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by IUAA.

(f) Each Party (the ?Indemnifying Party?) will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party,
and its directors, officers, agents, employees, successors and assigns (the ?Indemnified Party?), from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and will reimburse the Indemnified Party its costs, fees
and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising
from the Indemnifying Party?s: (i) breach of this Agreement, so long the Indemnifying Party?s breach was
not caused by the Indemnified Party?s breach of the Agreement and (ii) gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the connection with the Program.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, IUAA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with the
promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, when
using IUAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products (excluding
Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing
solicitation, unless IUAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposit Offers?
means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate
to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade). Bank may maintain separately
all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in
connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and
shall not be subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) IUAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

-11-
