18. Effective September 1, 2003, Section F of Schedule B of the Agreement is replaced in its entirety
with the following:

F. ROYALTY ADVANCES

1. Within forty-five days after each of the full execution of this First Amendment and each
of November 30, 2004, November 30, 2005, November 30, 2006, and November 30, 2007,
MBNA America shall pay to FIUF the sum of Three Hundred Ten Thousand Dollars ($310,000)
(each, an "Advance", as an advance against future Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth
below. All Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to FIUF, be applied against each of
the Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Royalties accrued
thereafter shall be paid to FIUF as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(x) MBNA America shall no longer be obligated to pay any additional Advances to FIUF
hereunder, and (y) FIUF hereby promises to pay MBNA America upon demand an amount equal
to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by MBNA America and the
total amount of accrued Royalties credited by MBNA America against such Advance(s) as of the
date of such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (vii) below
should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to December 31, 2008;

(ii) FIUF breaches any of its obligations under the Agreement and such breach is not cured
within sixty (60) days following written notice thereof. FIUF agrees that MBNA.
America is not obligated to make any Advance(s ) pursuant to this Section F.1 while
FIUF is in breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement,

(iii) MBNA America is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least four (4)
direct mail campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve
month period during the term of the Agreement;

(iv) MBNA America is prohibited or otherwise ?prevented from conducting at least four (4)
telemarketing campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve
month period during the term of the Agreement;

(v) MBNA America is prohibited from conducting on-campus promotion campaigns (e.g.,
tabling and postering) at major events including all athletics venues during each
consecutive twelve month period during the term of the Agreement,

(vi) MBNA America is prohibited from conducting on-campus promotion campaigns (e.g.,
tabling and postering) at the student center of Florida International University (currently
known as the Graham Student Center) up to four (4) days per week during the fall and
spring semesters for each consecutive twelve month period during the term of the
Agreement; and

(vii) FIUF, FIUAA, or Florida International University sponsors, advertises, promotes, or markets
any Financial Service Products of any entity other than MBNA America.

2. If during any given year(s) during the term of this Agreement MBNA America recoups
all prior Advances paid by it to FIUF in prior years, and pays FIUF Royalties accrued by FIUF
over and above the Royalties used by MBNA America to recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid
