Executive Director

Facsimile : (479) 575-5177
e-mail: brandyac@uark.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, AAAI will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement (including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information)) or grant access to Bank?s operational systems. Any such attempted assignment,
delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) [Intentionally Omitted]

(k) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person
which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential. This provision shall not prevent either Party
from engaging in good faith truthful statements as necessary to enforce legal rights under this
Agreement or comply with any legal obligations.

19

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
