Affinity Agreement
University of Southern California Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this | ua day of May, 2019 and effective as of
August 1, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association
having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?) and University of Southern California, on behalf of the
University of Southern California Alumni Association, a California non-profit corporation having its principal
place of business in Los Angeles, California (?USCAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, University of Southern California, USC Sports Properties, a division of Fox Sports Net, Inc.,
and Bank, as successor to FIA Card Services, N.A., are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated
Affinity Agreement dated August 1, 2013, as the same may have been amended (?Previous Agreement?),
wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by
or on behalf of University; and,

WHEREAS, the Previous Agreement is terminated in its entirety as of the Effective Date, and shall be of
no further force or effect; and

WHEREAS, USCAA desires to enter into this Agreement with Bank as of the Effective Date wherein Bank
provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of
USCAA in accordance with the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, USCAA
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of its opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through E, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means any applicable: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common law),
ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
