electronically as a result of the recipient party opening the email (i.e., read request receipt,
which some recipients might be able to prevent) or at the time that the sender can
demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered (i.e., by requesting a delivery
receipt), or at such other time as the receiving party acknowledges receipt. To be valid for
purposes of this Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) {f to GAA:

The General Alumni Association of The University
of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

George Watts Hill Alumni Center, CB#9180
Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514-0660

ATTENTION: Mr. Douglas S. Dibbert,
President

Facsimile :
e-mail: doug_dibbert@unc.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Facsimile: 206-585-9732

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, GAA will not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including but not limited to the Bank?s data and
operational systems. Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under
this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be performed,
offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other. Neither
Party shail have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any

Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative or an Affiliate of either Party

13

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hili Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
