?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby GKIHS
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GKIHS Affiliate? means any Affiliate of GKIHS.

?GKIHS Communication/information Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection
10{a).

?GKIHS Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by GKIHS (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance
of the Program (including GKIHS Communication/Information Efforts).

?GKIHS Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by GKIHS or any GKIHS Affiliate prior to or
during the Term.

?GLBA" refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority
includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in 5(b).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names (including without limitation names of business owners or authorized officers), with
corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes)
and e-mail addresses of all Members other than student Members who are at least eighteen years of
age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member or prospective member of GKIHS and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by GKIHS and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time, the aggregate net retail purchase transactions (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, but excluding (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns
and/or unauthorized transactions, (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track

3

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINIEY AGREEMENT [EXECUTION COPY)
