Cc. PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1. $3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium Reward
Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such
Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward Account; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the preceding 12 months. A Premium Reward Account may renew every
12 months after the opening of the account.

3. 0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Soend generated by Customers using a Premium Reward
Account.

4. $100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account
Royalty.

D. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the Term, GW will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits Royalty compensation
provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial Service Product. Except as set forth
in this Section D, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other Royalty compensation provisions contained in
the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to GW on any existing deposit account that is
converted to the Program.

1. $10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has a positive
balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the 90" day from the account opening date. An additional $2.00
(two dollars) for every checking account opened under the Program that has a positive balance of at least
$50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account opening date. Payments will be made
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

-23-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
