?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5S(c).

?Licensed Trademarks? means the University Trademarks and UICA Trademarks set forth on Schedule C
including any revised, replacement or successor versions of such trademarks. Schedule C shall be
deemed automatically amended without further action of the Parties to include any additional design,
image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark that VICA or
University approves for use by Bank in connection with the Program, and any new trademark developed
as a successor or replacement of, or as a modification to, any Licensed Trademark.

?Member List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age,
segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics. UICA shall not include in
any Member List the name and/or related information regarding any person who was under the age of
18 at the time the information was collected or has expressly requested that UICA not provide his/her
personal information to third parties.

?Member? mean an individual who is an alumnus, alumna, or a ticket holder of University athletic
events, a member of the faculty or staff of the University, and/or other potential participant in the
Program as mutually agreed to by UICA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card
Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees,
annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt
cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions}.

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, (b) any
record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting
Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or otherwise
possessed by or on behalf of the Bank, and (c) Accountholder Information including a compilation of
such records; all of which is the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list,
description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that
is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the
fact that such consumers are, or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).

-4-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
