?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UCIAA complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person {including an Affiliate of UCIAA) to whom UCIAA has, directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, Direct Sales Interaction or the administration of UCIAA Rewards. ?Subcontractor?
includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(n).

?UCIAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UCIAA.

?UCIAA Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant
to UCIAA Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?UCIAA Rewards? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in the Recitals.

?UCIAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by UCIAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?UCIAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of UCIAA or its Affiliates

and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by UCIAA or any

UCIAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?University? means University of California, Irvine and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, University of California, Irvine, including the athletic department and the office of
student affairs of University of California, Irvine.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font}, logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
following rules apply:

. the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

? ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

? ?and? is conjunctive only;

? ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; |

. ?any? means ?any or all?;

. a reference to any agreement (including this Agreement) or other contract includes any permitted |
modifications, supplements, amendments and replacements;

? any copy of any contract (including this Agreement) or other document refer to a correct and

complete copy;

S-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28

