over such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority
includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information,

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in 5(b)._
?LSUAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of LSUAA.
?LSUAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?LSUAA Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by LSUAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance
of the Program (including LSUAA Marketing Efforts). ?

?LSUAA Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by LSUAA or any LSUAA Affiliate prior to
or during the Term, including University Trademarks,

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names (including without limitation names of business owners or authorized officers), with
corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes)
and e-mail addresses of all Members other than student Members who are at least eighteen years of
age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member or prospective member of LSUAA and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by LSUAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time, the aggregate net retail purchase transactions (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, but excluding (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns
and/or unauthorized transactions, (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, or casino gaming chips), (iii) taxes, shipping and handling costs,
and/or (iv) Credit Card Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late
fees, overlimit fees, annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance
premiums, debt cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions).

.
?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p) (1)
and shall be deemed to include Accountholder Information; and all of which shall also be deemed the
Bank?s Information.

?Party? has the meaning ascribed to such word in the preamble.

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
