(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(a)

UAAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any UAAA
Marketing Effort.

UAAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UAAA?s web page and such
other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UAAA as the parties shall mutually agree
upon, all at UAAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to
another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such
advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle
UAAA to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. UAAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-
four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, UAAA will
provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within the UAAA internet site(s),
including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display
Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, UAAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following UAAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program:
(i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application
and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to,
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which
would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s),
which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads.

Without limiting the generality of Sections 11(f) and 11(g), above, UAAA agrees to perform the
following UAAA Marketing Efforts. During the term of this Agreement, UAAA shall promote
the Program:

@) Year round placement throughout Arizonaalumni.com website;

(ii) Year round placement on the web page;

(iii) | Quarterly E-newsletter inclusions;

(iv) Inclusion in Alumni publication two times annually,

(v) Banking center promotions;

(vi) | Homecoming presence in the alumni tent (tabling & signage);

(vii) UAAA lobby placement ? signage and application flyers; and

(viii) Attendance at SAA First Meetings ? Local Financial Service Advisor presence
for financial education and promote Khan Academy.

The parties may agree from time to time during the term of this Agreement to add, delete,
modify or substitute items to be offered as UAAA Marketing Efforts pursuant to this Section
11(h). Upon the parties? mutual agreement to add, delete, modify or substitute a UAAA
Marketing Effort, this Section 11(h) shall be deemed so amended without any further action.
MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

11

Tia AIT OMAR ONALC IV-ANn.?CYO
