?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

(b) Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shall apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference toa
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vil) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (vill) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF PTK

(a) PTK agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither PTK nor any
PTK Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid,
develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than
Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow
others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of PTK Trademarks in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (ili) sell, rent or otherwise
make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing
lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if PTK or any PTK Affiliate sells any
product or service, in connection with such sales, PTK shall not, and shall cause PTK Affiliates not to,
favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment
offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, PTK may
accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided
that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by PTK of said financial
institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(b) PTK agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program in accordance with PTK?s privacy policy.

(c) PTK authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) PTK shall have the right of prior approval of the use of a PTK Trademark in Program advertising and
solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a PTK Trademark; such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards)
because of a change in PTK Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar

5
PHI THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPyY)
