marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).
Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for WFU?s use in
connection WFU?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, WFU will use such
specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen
marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, WFU will be responsible for all expenses with regard to
any Group Marketing Effort. WFU will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired
date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by WFU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle WFU to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its sole and
unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation of
any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, WFU shall immediately discontinue any or all
Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. WFU will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials and depictions (e.g., web pages)
created pursuant to any Group Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at WFU?s
request will be promptly reimbursed by WFU upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, WFU will comply and direct its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) WFU will advertise all the products offered under the Program on WFU?s alumni page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of WFU as the Parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at WFU?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle WFU to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. WFU will correct, modify, terminate, remove and delink (as directed by Bank) any and all
hyperlinks, postings, materials, or advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To
enable Bank to view all Program material, WFU will provide Bank with the reasonable ability (including
unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the WFU internet site(s), directly related to
the Program, including any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program
material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, WFU may conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g.,
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing

-16-

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
