12.

product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CAA may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by CAA, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. For clarity, this Section does not
prevent CAA or any CAA Affiliate from offering or marketing a new financial service program, including a
credit card program, after expiration or termination of this Agreement so long as such program complies
with the limitation set forth in this Section. The provisions of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to CAA effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, CAA agrees that it shall
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and
purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy
within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or
reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. CAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current
destruction policy. CAA shall have the right to retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent
required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to be
subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. CAA shall promptly certify its compliance with
these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection 11(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, (b) collectively
constitute the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof,
and (c) supersede(s), merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations,
discussions, representations, understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the
Previous Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether oral or written, with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be
construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written
waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver.
No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the

-18-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
