UVAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, UVAA shall not, and shall cause
UVAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or
method of payment offered under the Program during the Term. Notwithstanding anything else in this
Agreement to the contrary, UVAA may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising
from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by UVAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product, except
as provided otherwise in Subsection 2(b) below.

=

Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank acknowledges that some UVAA
Trademarks have been licensed to Virginia Sports Properties and may in the future be subject to a
separate deposit program agreement, and Bank agrees that Virginia Sports Properties, the University
athletics related marks and logos, any lists housed and maintained by the University?s athletics
department, any marketing and/or advertising channels controlled by Virginia Sports Properties and/or
the University?s athletics department, and any University athletics events or facilities (collectively,
?Virginia Athletics?) are all excluded from the deposit program being offered under this Agreement and
from the above definition of Financial Service Product, and therefore the participation by Virginia
Athletics in a deposit program outside this Agreement and related activities shall not constitute a breach
of this Agreement.

(c

Subject to Applicable Law, UVAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be
reasonably requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(d) Pursuant to the terms hereof, UVAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion,
internet, email, advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation
in the Program.

(e) UVAA shall have the right of prior approval of the use of a UVAA Trademark or University Trademark in
Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a UVAA Trademark or
University Trademark; such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If the Bank incurs a
cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in UVAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such
costs from any Royalties due UVAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due UVAA, if requested by Bank,
UVAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(f) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UVAA shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List free of any charge other than the Royalties provided for herein; provided,
however, that UVAA shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information
regarding any Member who has expressly requested that UVAA not provide his/her personal
information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was
collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by UVAA or its agents for an
initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due
UVAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due UVAA, if requested by Bank, UVAA shall promptly
reimburse Bank for all such costs. UVAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after UVAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, UVAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including but not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

a

UVAA shall, and shall cause any UVAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to UVAA.

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
