(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
NYUAA Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. NYU may not (and
shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program
Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the
Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. NYU shall not (and shall cause their
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. Bank will not register or attempt to register any NYUAA Trademark. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, NYU shall refer (and shall require its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of NYU (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, NYU shall (and shall require its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
reasonably assist Bank in the Bank?s resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for
a period of two years.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain NYUAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to
the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis NYU shall and shall require its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, NYU
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing NYUAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by NYU, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to
the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, NYU agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. NYU grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of NYU and its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) NYU shall, and shall require its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
NYUAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. NYU shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all NYUAA Activities, whether performed by NYU or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). NYU shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of NYU?s obligations under this Agreement, including the
NYUAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement for a period of two years.

(k) Upon prior written notice, NYU shall permit Bank and shall require its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of NYU and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to NYU?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws

-9-
