10.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) ESAUT will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by ESAUT, including any GIP (?ESAUT Marketing
Effort?). ESAUT will give Bank thirty (30) days prior notice prior to engaging in any ESAUT Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by ESAUT as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Bank shall timely deliver such coding to ESAUT within ten (10) business days of ESAUT?s notice under
Subsection 10(a). Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle ESAUT to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries
from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will
not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any ESAUT
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation
of any ESAUT Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, ESAUT shall immediately discontinue any or
all ESAUT Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. ESAUT will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
ESAUT Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any ESAUT
Marketing Effort or of supporting any ESAUT Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by ESAUT upon
demand, provided that ESAUT has requested in writing that Bank produce and mail such materials or
requested in writing such support from Bank for any ESAUT Marketing Effort.

(e) With respect to any ESAUT Marketing Effort, ESAUT will comply with all Applicable Law and
training.

(f) ESAUT will advertise the Credit Card Program on its website and any other Financial Service
Products offered under the Program as the parties shall mutually agree upon. Bank may establish a
hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a
telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial
Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number
will entitle ESAUT to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. ESAUT will modify or remove such advertisements within three (3) days of
Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, ESAUT will provide Bank with the ability to
access any and all pages within the ESAUT internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other
restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the term of this Agreement, ESAUT may conduct on its own, and at its own expense, ESAUT
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program, including, for example: (i) online marketing
efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application
telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, online
advertising, and welcome kit e-mails; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit
applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited
to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers,
renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

10
