SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
American Chemical Society

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1* day of April, 2019 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and American Chemical Society, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization having its principal place of
business in Washington, District of Columbia (?ACS?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, ACS and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated
March 31, 2006, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain

financial services to certain persons included in certain tists provided to Bank by or on behalf of ACS; and,

WHEREAS, ACS and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as
of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, ACS and
Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?ACS Affiliate? means any Affiliate of ACS.

?ACS Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant to
ACS Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?ACS Rewards? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in the Recitals.

?ACS Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by ACS (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?ACS Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of ACS or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by ACS or any ACS
Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

-1-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American-Chemieal Society
