(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, Association may accept print
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an
endorsement by Association of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product.

Association agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

Association authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet,
advertisements, banking centers, or any other means mutually agreed upon for participation in
the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent
Bank from fulfilling a University student?s request for a Financial Service Product under the
Program.

Association will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation
materials to be used by Bank that contain an Association Trademark; such approval will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in
the Association Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards), Bank may deduct such
costs from any Royalties due Association. In the event such costs exceed Royalties then due
Association, if requested by Bank, Association will promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, Association
will provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that
Association will not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding
any Member who has expressly requested that Association not provide his/her personal
information to third parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by
Association or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank
may deduct such costs from Royalties due Association. Association will provide the first
Marketing List, containing the required information for at least one hundred sixty thousand
(160,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days
after Association?s execution of this Agreement.

Association will, and will cause any Association Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's
prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank
to Association. Notwithstanding the above, Association may respond to individual inquiries
about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are
accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to Association. Any
correspondence received by Association that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments,
billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by
Association will be paid by Bank.

Association hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the
Association Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program. The parties intend that
the Program offered under this agreement falls within the trademark license granted by Texas
A&M to Bank?s predecessor-in-interest, MBNA America Bank, N.A., dated December 18, 1995.
This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the

Page 5 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
