11.

(a)

(b)

(d)

(e)

Affiliate will, directly target any offer of a Financial Service Product included in Schedule A to
persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Association may, after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by Association,
provided the opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a
general solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly
identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered
to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

Association will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any
Program marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by Association, including, but
not limited to, any GIP (?Association Marketing Effort?) outlined in Schedule D. Association
will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any Association Marketing
Effort. Bank will provide Association with access to certain Program marketing materials at no
cost, which Bank produces and makes widely available to other higher education affinity clients,
through its Affinity Web Portal or other electronic means.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by Association as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts and/or Business Credit Card Accounts/other products generated
from any GIP will entitle Association to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to
the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, marketing
materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such
coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any
Association Marketing Effort created by Association or Association?s vendors. Both parties
agree that any and all marketing materials Bank makes available to Association for download
from Bank?s Affinity Web Portal or similar Bank-controlled website(s) shall be deemed as
approved, and furthermore that Association may use such materials at its sole discretion in
Association Marketing efforts. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Association Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above,
Association shall immediately discontinue any or all Association Marketing Efforts upon receipt
of, and in accordance with, the written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance.
Association will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any Association Marketing
Effort as outlined in Schedule D without the prior written approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing customized materials created at
Association?s request pursuant to any Association Marketing Effort or of supporting any
Association Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by Association upon demand. Bank
will forward in advance to Association a written estimate of costs for such marketing materials,
and will obtain prior written approval from Association of such costs, in order to receive
reimbursement.

Association will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in
Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any
Association Marketing Effort.

Page 11 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
