items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. GW will have
approval rights of the use and appearance of the GW Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to
Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not
be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and
premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of GW or
a GW Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. GW waives such payments from any third party(ies) (and/or
agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party
should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the
realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or
Advance payments.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, GW acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
when using GW?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless GW consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) GW and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iti) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

{b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term, and during the period that GW Trademarks
remain in use hereunder, GW represents and warrants to Bank that GW has the right and power to
license GW Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the
Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. GW shall indemnify, defend and hold

5

Reviseo GW Contract (G02).pocx
