(b) GUAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) GUAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) GUAA shall have the right of prior written approval of all Program advertising and solicitation
materials to be used by Bank that contain a GUAA Trademark, such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in
the GUAA Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may
deduct such costs from any Royalties due GUAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due GUAA, upon
demand GUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e} At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, GUAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that GUAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that GUAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by GUAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due GUAA. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand GUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, GUAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred thousand (100,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after GUAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, GUAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) GUAA shall, and shall cause any GUAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to GUAA. Notwithstanding the above, GUAA may respond to individual inquiries about the
Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to GUAA. Any correspondence received by
GUAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight
courier expenses incurred by GUAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by
GUAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) GUAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the GUAA
Trademarks with the Program and, subject to GUAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in
conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement.
This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall
apply to the GUAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such GUAA Trademarks by operation of
law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. GUAA shall
provide Bank all GUAA Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the
Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after GUAA?s execution of this Agreement.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits GUAA from granting to other persons a license to use the
GUAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products; See a/so Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term,

-7-
