Trademarks, such license is a sublicense, The Association holding a license from the University, and all
references herein to a ?license? of the University Trademarks shall be deemed to refer instead to a
?sublicense.?) This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the
Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to Association Trademarks and University
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Association Trademarks or University Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. The
Association shall provide Bank all Association Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after The
Association?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits The Association from
granting to other persons a license to use The Association Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction
with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection
2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, The Association represents, warrants and covenants to
Bank it has the right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain an
Association Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank. The Association may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. The Association shall not (and shall cause
its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, The Association shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or control of The
Association (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably requested,
The Association shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to) cooperate with
and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) The Association shall provide Bank with written notice identifying each Subcontractor prior to (i)
engaging, discontinuing or replacing any Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives); (ii) modifying the
scope of work delegated to or undertaken by such Subcontractor (or their Representatives); (iii) the
Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives) performing any of The Association?s obligations under this
Agreement or in furtherance of the Program from a location outside the United States; and (iv) permitting or
suffering modifications to any of the foregoing for notices given. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein contained, Bank?s receipt of notice as referred to immediately above (when
given or received) shall not be construed as a novation or other release as to The Association?s performance of
its obligations hereunder or indemnification. The provisions of this Subsection 2(j) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of 6 months.

(k)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable Law as
applied to Bank concerning certain Association Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the Program
(?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis The Association shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, The Association shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing Association Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by

-8-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
