(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the then current term. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program terminates earlier than the
Agreement as provided for immediately above, such terminated program remains subject to the
provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other
section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of this
Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect
to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case, as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that

program.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without
regard to its conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Bank or UHAA, the other party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching party. This notice will (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the party's intention to terminate this Agreement.
If the breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) days after
receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will terminate
sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

If either Bank or UHAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets or it is unable to
meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it is adjudicated
insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation
then the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank will, except as set forth in
Section 10(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks
for Program marketing purposes, provided that Bank may conclude all solicitations required by
law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank will not claim any right,
title, or interest in or to the UHAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or to the Marketing
Lists.

Bank will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating
or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by
UHAA or any UHAA Affiliate to the Members. Such approval will not be unreasonably
withheld. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement , Bank will have up to ninety
(90) calendar days from the termination or expiration date to: (i) suspend marketing and remove
marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use UHAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks in connection with existing Deposit Accounts and Credit Card Accounts and those
opened during such ninety (90) day period; and (iii) remove UHAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks from Program collateral and account materials, such as statements, welcome
packages, and card carriers. UHAA shall not attempt to cause the removal of UHAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks from any person?s credit devices, debit devices, checks or

Page 9 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

