DocuSign Envelope ID: 6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

10.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of the State
of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within
the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of
the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed
and excluded

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, UVAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using UVAA Marketing Channels; provided UVAA pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided
by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify
for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). Bank may provide, in its sole and
unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for UVAA?s use in connection with UVAA?s Group Marketing
Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, UVAA will only use such specimens to prepare all marketing
materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by
Bank, UVAA will be responsible for all expenses with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. UVAA will seek
Bank?s approvai at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by UVAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UVAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject
to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from
Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify
for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-pages) to
be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its
sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation
of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UVAA shall immediately discontinue any or all
Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. UVAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group Marketing
Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at UVAA?s request will be promptly reimbursed by UVAA
upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, UVAA will comply and cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f} UVAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UVAA?s home page, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UVAA as the parties shall mutually agree
upon, all at UVAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet

-14-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
