(b)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

GROUP MARKETING

UCFF will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly. by UCFF. including. but not limited to,
any GIP (?UCFF Marketing Effort?). UCFF will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior
to engaging in any UCFF Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by UCFF as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts and/or Business Credit Card Accounts/other products generated from any
GIP will entitle UCFF to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms
and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above. marketing materials or
telemarketing inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be
eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any UCFF
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any UCFF Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above. UCFF shall
immediately discontinue any or all UCFF Marketing Efforts upon receipt of. and in accordance
with the, written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UCFF will not deviate from
the approved materials and plan for any UCFF Marketing Effort without the prior written
approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any UCFF
Marketing Effort or of supporting any UCFF Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by
UCFF upon demand.

UCFF will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any UCFF
Marketing Effort.

UCFF will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UCFF?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UCFF as the
parties shall mutually agree upon, all at UCFF?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from
each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone
number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial
Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts and/or Business Credit Card Accounts generated
pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UCFF to the GIP compensation set
forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. UCFF will
modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To
enable Bank to view all Program material, UCFF will provide Bank with the ability to access any
and all pages within the UCFF internet site(s). including without limitation any ?members only?
or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, UCFF agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following UCFF Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i)
online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or
Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to,
standalone e-mails. e-newsletters. welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines: and (ii) offline

Page 5 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
