GROUP INCENTIVE PROGRAM AGREEMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA
ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Group Incentive Program Agreement (?GIP Agreement?) is entered into as of July 1, 2014 (the
?Effective Date?) by and between Bank of America, N.A. (successor to merger with FIA Card Services.
N.A.). a national banking association having its principal place of business in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and University of Central Florida Foundation, Inc. on behalf of itself and University of
Central Florida Alumni Association, having its principal place of business at Fairwinds Alumni Center.
Orlando, Florida (?UCFF?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UCFF and Bank are parties to that certain Royalty Agreement (to be executed on
even date with this Agreement ) (?Royalty Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial
services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCFF: and

WHEREAS, as a corollary to the Royalty Agreement, the parties desire that UCFF perform
certain marketing activities and provide certain marketing opportunities and account for any

compensation received there from pursuant to and in accordance with this GIP Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein.
UCFF and Bank agree as follows:

1, DEFINITIONS AND RECITALS
The above recitals are incorporated in this GIP Agreement by reference.
When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below. Capitalized but undefined terms used herein shall

have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Royalty Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UCFF
complies with the GIP provisions of this GIP Agreement.

?GIP Agreement? means this Group Incentive Program Agreement and Schedules A and B.
?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
UCFF conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program.
and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.?

Page | of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
