(d) Bank shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless UVAA, University and their Affiliates (including their
respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes
of action, and claims and shall reimburse UVAA?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith
(including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the Bank?s breach of this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 4(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

Throughout the Term UVAA shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide UVAA
Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to
Bank and UVAA), and Bank?s instruction. The provisions of this Subsection 4(e) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e

5. ROYALTIES

oy

During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to UVAA. No compensation or payments shall be paid to UVAA until a
Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and
returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be
made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter, along with Bank?s Royalty report.

Si

If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify UVAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after UVAA?s
receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to UVAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the
Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(b), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision
of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in
each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

2

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties
or any other compensation to UVAA with regard to any student Credit Card Accounts. Bank may use the
UVAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on all Financial Service Products offered during the Term.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS
Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes

to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
