Exhibit 1
Defined terms and Rules of Interpretation

Defined Terms. For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, the
following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any

tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in
the context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of its opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b). |

?Agreement? means this agreement, Exhibit 1, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

?Alumni Association Affiliate? means any Affiliate of Alumni Association.

?Alumni Association Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Alumni Association Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by Alumni

Association (including such services further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including |
its and their respective Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program .
{including Alumni Association Marketing Efforts).

?Alumni Association Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including
any font), logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of Alumni
Association or its Affiliates and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or
acquired by Alumni Association or any Alumni Association Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law, ordinance, statute,
treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory examinations, licensing
requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of self-regulatory
organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard,
American Express or other card network; and, (iv) orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of,
or agreements with, any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding
upon, a Party or to which such Party is subject.

25
