request, or otherwise disputed. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after
opening, converts to a Reward Account, or for any Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Account for which the annual fee is paid by the
Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy
waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each Reward Account which: 1) has
a balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the
opening of that Reward Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of
the preceding twelve (12) months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve (12)
months after the opening of the account.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by
Customers using a Reward Account (excluding those transactions that (1) relate to
refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent
transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, person to person money transfers, bets,
lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Reward GIP Account opened, which remains
open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer
within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Reward GIP Account?s opening for at
least one purchase or cash advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a
charge back request, or otherwise disputed. Such Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify
for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

C. PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1.

$5.00 (five dollars) for each new Premium Reward Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and that is utilized by the Customer within the
first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Premium Reward Account?s opening for at least
one (1) purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a
charge back request, or otherwise disputed. This Royalty will not be paid for any account
which, after opening, converts to a Premium Reward Account, or for any Premium
Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the annual fee is paid
by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a
courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward
Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every
twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward Account; and 2) has had active
charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A Premium Reward
Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Premium Reward Account (excluding those
transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions,

Page 16 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
