or guidance, or orders relating to or prohibiting UDAP, or UDAAP), regulations, licensing requirements,
regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations, agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws
and rules of any applicable self-regulatory organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing, in each case applicable to such Person.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of a
consumer (including a Member and Customer) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicate
suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable entity related to a consumer's personal experience
with any aspect of the Program, or a Financial Service Product and includes any written or oral
statement expressing dissatisfaction about bank products, policies or services.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date and each
consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date during the term of

the Agreement.

"Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and Services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA" means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

"Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the Agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Section A.4, B.4, C.4, and
Section G of Schedule A.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such work in Section 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program,
deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of any such

program.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GKIHS complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

2

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINTEY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
