during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the
Agreement; ?

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented by Association from conducting
at least three (3) telemarketing campaigns to the full updated Marketing
List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of
the Agreement; and

(v) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented by Association from conducting
promotion campaigns at major Association events outlined in Schedule D
during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the
Agreement.

vv

If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all
prior Advances paid by it to Association in prior years, and pays Association Royalties
accrued by Association over and above the Royalties used by Bank to recoup such prior
Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the amount of any
subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

H. ROYALTY GUARANTEE.

Association shall be guaranteed to accruc Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the
Advances) equal to or greater than six million one hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($6,150,000) (the
?Guarantee Amount?) bya 5 hay subject to the provisions set forth below. If,on Meat ie
Association has not accrued $ ?8 866 in Royalties, Bank will pay Association an FEA eGadttd the
Guarantee Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by Association during the initial term
this Agreement and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee

and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of
the conditions set forth in Subsection G.1., above.

I QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT. BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, Association will receive an account
bonus (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to (i) fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) if at
least one hundred fifty (150), but less than two hundred fifty (250) GIP Accounts Reward GIP
Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying
GIP Accounts, (ii) twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000) if at least two hundred fifty (250), but
less than three hundred fifty (350) GIP Accounts Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward
GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts, or (iii) thirty-five
thousand dollars ($35,000) if three hundred fifty (350) or more GIP Accounts Reward GIP
Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year become Qualifying
GIP Accounts.

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a
Contract Year, FIA shall include: :

(i) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts
that are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in
the same Contract Year, and |

Page 19 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
