(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term, and during the period that NYUAA Trademarks
remain in use hereunder, NYU represents and warrants to Bank that NYU has the right and power to
license NYUAA Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the
Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other
Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any NYUAA
Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, NYU represents and warrants that it is not the
subject of any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of
the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?). NYU
represents and warrants that during the Term it will not violate any Sanctions. The provisions of this
Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to University for the benefit of NYU with respect to accounts in
good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to NYU for the benefit of NYUAA until a Schedule B
(W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to
Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in
arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if a student should become a
Customer, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties or any other compensation to NYU for the benefit

of NYUAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) Information will not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly
permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. These obligations of confidentiality
will not apply to Information that: (a) is or comes to be in the public domain other than as a
consequence of a breach of this Agreement by the Recipient; (b) at the time of disclosure was known to

-12-
