ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the ?Agreement?) is entered into effective
as of July 1, 2021 (the ?Effective Date?) among JMIS COLLEGE, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (?Assignor?), and CLEMSON UNIVERSITY, a South Carolina public
university (?Assignee?) and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (the ?Remaining Party?).

WHEREAS, Assignor has entered into the Assigned Agreement (as defined below) and
desires to assign the same to Assignee; and

WHEREAS, Assignee is able and willing to assume the obligations of Assignor under the
Assigned Agreement;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein and other good
and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, Assignor and
Assignee hereby agree as follows:

1. Assignment. As of the Effective Date, Assignor hereby assigns and transfers to
Assignee all of Assignor?s right, title and interest in and to the Affinity Agreement by and between
the Assignor and Bank of America, N.A., dated as of January 1, 2018 (the ?Assigned Agreement?).

2. Assumption. As of the Effective Date, Assignee accepts the assignment and
transfer of the Assigned Agreement and assumes and agrees to perform and observe all of the
terms, conditions, obligations and covenants required to be performed and observed by Assignor
under the Assigned Agreement from and after the Effective Date.

3. Release and Substitution.

(a) Despite anything to the contrary in the Assigned Agreement, Remaining
Party releases and forever discharges Assignor from all further obligations arising under
the Assigned Agreement, and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits, debts,
damages, expenses, claims and demands whatsoever that Remaining Party has or may
have against Assignor, arising out of or in any way connected to performance under the
Assigned Agreement on and after the Effective Date.

(b) Despite anything to the contrary in the Assigned Agreement, Assignor
releases and forever discharges Remaining Party from all further obligations arising
under the Assigned Agreement, and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits,
debts, damages, expenses, claims and demands whatsoever that Assignor has or may
have against Remaining Party, arising out of or in any way connected to performance
under the Assigned Agreement on and after the Effective Date.

(c) For avoidance of doubt, nothing herein affects any rights, liabilities, or
obligations of Remaining Party or Assigning Party due to be performed before the
Effective Date or any accounts receivable that remains outstanding as of the Effective
Date.

(d) The parties intend that this Agreement is a novation and that the Assignee
be substituted for the Assignor. Remaining Party recognizes Assignee as Assignor?s
successor-in-interest in and to the Assigned Agreement. Assignee by this Agreement
