BO

93/02/2018 17:05 Fax a} U~M_DaC
- 021/033

in accordance with the terms of this Section 13. Notwithstanding any provision of the
Agreement, Bank will not furnish any Accountholder List or Accountholder Information
otherwise required to be provided by it to AAUM, ahd may restrict any use by AAUM of any
Accountholder List or Accountholder Information that is furnished by Bank to AAUM, if Bank
is prohibited from disclosing the|same or permitting such use because of any law, regulation,
bank-wide privacy-policy, publi? privacy pledge, court order, rule, consent decree, or individual
present or former Accountholdey request, or if furnishing the Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information or ith intended use would create an additional regulatory compliance
burden on Bank, Neither Bank nor AAUM will provide Accountholder Lista to University.

(6) = Permi se of ist. AAUM shall not use the Accountholder List for any

()

(?)

(9)

purpose not expressly permitted|
comply with all applicable laws
AAUM in its use of the Accoun
secure the Accountholder List i

by Bank in this Agreement or in a separate writing. AAUM will
rales, regulations and court orders or rulings applicable to

older List and Accountholder Information, AAUM agrees to
accordance with the requirements of this Section and Bank?s

- instructions, as communicated by Bank to AAUM from time to time. AAUM will only permit

aecess to the Accountholder List to those employecs, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives
of AAUM who need such to perform their duties relating to this Agreement. AAUM
shall instruct all those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives who work with any
Accountholder List of caplet duties and limitations under this Agreement,

No ?or ist. All Accountholder Lists are confidential and remain the sole
property of Bank even when in|AAUM?s possession, AAUM will keep all Accountholder Lists
confidential and will not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away,
barter, tend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any Accountholder List to
any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or unless
agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. IF AAUM receives a request or demand
to disclose an Accountholder Uist pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of competent
jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative bady or committee, AAUM
shall: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and citcumstances surrounding such
request; (ii) consult with Bank/on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or
narrow such request; and (iii) if disclosure of such Accountholder List is required or deemed
advisable, exercise its beat ct to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential

treatment will be accorded to guch portion of the Accountholder List to be disclosed that Bank
designates.

2 se of Accountholder List. Any Accountholder List furnished to
AAUM tnay contain dummy information (?.g., names, account information, addresses, etc,
unknows to AAUM,) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an Accountholder List. A
violation of this Section is conclusively proven and the relief specified below will be deemed
owed when Bank establishes the following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy information
on the list (e.g., name(s), acogunt information, address(es), ef?.); (ii) that the dummy information
received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the scope of the permitted use of the
Accountholder List; and (tii) that identical dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its
affiliates to any third party.

Relief for Unauthorized Use-of Accountholder List Because tbe nature of the Accountholder
List makes an evaluation of damages after a violation of this Section impossible, then if AAUM

or any of its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives uses an

etection o ng

ed

Page 20 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

