promoting, any credit card program or credit card product that includes University Trademarks or UGAA
Trademarks, of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if JMG or any JMG Affiliate sells any product or
service, in connection with such sales, JMG shall not, and shall cause JMG Affiliates not to, favor any
payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered
under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, JMG may accept
advertising in any media from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain
an express or implied endorsement of said financial institution?s credit card combined with or in
connection with the University Trademarks and/or the UGAA Trademarks.

(a)(2) Bank may offer a Deposit Program and Debit Card, or functional equivalent of any such product,
with UGAA Trademarks, on a non-exclusive basis and otherwise subject to and in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit JMG?s right to license
UGAA Trademarks or University Trademarks or otherwise support other debit card programs, deposit
programs, or the functional equivalent of any such product.

(b) JMG agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) JMG authorizes Bank to solicit Members (subject to the terms of Section 2(e) below) by mail,
direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other
means for participation in the Program.

(d) JMG shall have the right of prior written approval of the depiction of any Bank use of a UGAA
Trademark or University Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by or on
behalf of Bank. Bank shall use the UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks only in the exact form,
manner and context JMG approves in writing. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new
credit cards) because of a JMG-required change in the Bank?s authorized use of UGAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may
deduct such reasonable, actual costs from any Royalties due JMG. If such costs exceed Royalties then
due JMG, upon demand JMG shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, JMG shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that JMG and/or
University shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any
Member who has expressly requested that JMG not provide his/her personal information to third
parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that
Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by JMG or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an
update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then
due JMG. If such costs exceed such payments, JMG shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of JMG?s execution of this Agreement, JMG shall provide the first Marketing List,
containing the required information for at least two hundred thousand (200,000) non-duplicate
Member names.

(f) JMG shall, and shall cause any JMG Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to JMG. Notwithstanding the above, JMG may, and may cause UGAA to, respond to individual
inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are
accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to JMG and/or UGAA. Any
correspondence received by JMG that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing
inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within one (1) Business
