(g)

(h)

12.

(a)

(b)

(c)

@)

(e)

including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display
Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, Foundation and/or UNCCAA agrees to conduct on its own,
at its expense and on an ongoing basis the following Foundation Marketing Efforts for Deposits
offered under the Program: (i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a
Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall
include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital
magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications
and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to,
publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement
messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

Without limiting the generality of Sections 11(f) and 11(g), above, Foundation and/or UNCCAA
agrees to perform the following Foundation Marketing Efforts. During the term of this
Agreement, Foundation and/or UNCCAA shall promote the Program:

@ Access to University fall football tailgates occurring from 9:30 am to 1 1:30 am on
September 6, 2014, September 27, 2014, October 25, 2014, November 8, 2014,
November 15, 2014, and November 22, 2014;

(ii) | Advertisement in the alumni magazine (digital/print);

(ii) Advertisement for both the Credit Card Program and Deposits in the University football
and basketball programs used throughout each season;

(iii) | Bank materials displayed at graduation fairs;

(iv) Bank materials displayed during Alumni Day at the University bookstore;

(v) Pro-bono sponsorship opportunities; and

(ix) _ Event signage.

The parties may agree from time to time during the term of this Agreement to add, delete,
modify or substitute items to be offered as Foundation Marketing Efforts pursuant to this Section
11(h). Upon the parties? mutual agreement to add, delete, modify or substitute a Foundation
Marketing Effort, this Section 11(h) shall be deemed so amended without any further action.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7, 10(c), 10(d), 10(4) and 11(e) will survive the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will

Page 12 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
