(d) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shail begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31,
2022 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) BAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by BAA, including any GIP (?BAA Marketing
Effort?). BAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any BAA Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by BAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitie BAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above,
Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from
Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not
qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any BAA
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any BAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, BAA shall immediately
discontinue any or all BAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice
from Bank requesting such discontinuance. BAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan
for any BAA Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any BAA
Marketing Effort or of supporting any BAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by BAA upon
demand.

(e) With respect to any BAA Marketing Effort, BAA will comply with all Applicable Law and training.

7

DRAFT - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)

