discontinuance. PTK will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any PTK Marketing Effort
without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any PTK Marketing
Effort or of supporting any PTK Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by PTK upon demand.

(e) PTK will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth
and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any PTK Marketing Effort.

(f) PTK will advertise all the products offered under the Program on PTK?s home page, account profile pages
and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of PTK as the parties shall mutually agree
upon, all at PTK?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another
internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to
enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts
generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle PTK to the GIP compensation
set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. PTK will modify or
remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view
all Program material, PTK will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within the PTK
internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that
display Program material.

?

During the term of this Agreement, PTK agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an ongoing
basis the following PTK Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online marketing
efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application
telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters,
welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not
be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(g

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this

Agreement.

=

11. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or PTK:

(i) commences a voluntary case under title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) anyone commences an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States
Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case is
pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

11
Put THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPY)
