93/02/2018 17:04 Fax a}

10)

@

{k)

@

(m)

{n)

(0)

U-N_0GC

Bank, AAUM, and University are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and
neither party will bave the power to obligate or bind the other in any mannet except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agrepment.

Nothing in this Agreement is in?
any Person other than the parti
beneficiary of this Agreement,

ded or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
cept to the extent that a representative or an Affiliate of any

party or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a party or its Affiliates

has any rights (including a righ?
Subsection shall survive the ex;

With regard to all purposes rela
shall make any statement, wh

to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this
iration or earlier termination of this Agreement,

ed to its respective performance of this Agreement, no party
er written, oral or otherwise, to any person or entity which

criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of another party or any of

its Affiliates, whether or not th
confidential. The Parties reco
yaluabie and intangible. Ther
any activity in a manner that m

statement is true and whether or not it is characterized as

ize and agree that the goodwill and reputation of each are

re, each party agrees that it shall not conduct itself or engage in
y adversely affect that goodwill or reputation. In the event that

either party determines that the/other does not so conduct itself, the injured party may terminate

this Agreement in accord with

Section 10(a), Statements made by University faculty or personnel

019/039

or Bank employees with no direct responsibility for performing either party's obligations under
this Agreement are exempt from the foregoing paragraph.

Neither party shall be held responsible for atty delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government
laws, rules, regulations or irements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of
carriers or other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or
avoidable, and which occurs without the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the
delayed party (?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed party shall have the right to

i j i force majeure condition endures for more than one hundred

the delayed party with least thirty (30) days prior written notice
of such termination, which notice must be received by the delayed party within ten (10) days
after the expiration of the one ed twenty (120) day period.

This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. The parties
hereto agres to accept & digi image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct
original and admissible as best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper
jurisdiction.

of negotiations between the parties hereto and their respective
counsel. No provision or section of this Agreement shal] be read, construed or interpreted for or
against either patty by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the
draftsman, or any simijar dogtrine. :

This Agreement is the pradu

To the extent required of each of them, respectively, by applicable law, AAUM and University
agree to cooperate with (and ito cause each AAUM Affiliate and University Affiliate {and their
respective representatives) tq cooperate with) any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over
Bank, including but not limited to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of

Page 18 0f 31
CONFIDENTIAL

