03/02/2016 17:00 FAX 73476 Qm848

(2)

(h)

@)

@

(a)

008/033

U-M_O8C e@

AAUM and University hereby grant Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the
AAUM Trademarks and/or University Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Program;
provided, however, that University Trademarks are licensed to Bank solely for its use in
conjunction with Bank?s ptt Care Prograrn. This license transfers to a duly approved
assignee of this Agreement. [This license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement
and will apply to the AAUM|Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such AAUM Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise
to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. AAUM and University wil]
provide Bank all AAUM Trademark and University Trademark production materials (?.g.,

camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty

(30) days after AAUM?s and

iniversity?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this

Agreement prohibits AAUM pee University from granting to other persons a license to use the

AAUM Trademarks or Univ

ity Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other

service or product, except forjany Financial Service Products in the case of AAUM and any
consumer credit card product in the case of University. AAUM represents, warrants and

covenants to Bank that it has
contemplated hereby. The fi
of this Agreement.

? exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
going sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination

All Program Trademarks whigh do not consist of or contain an AAUM Trademark or University

Trademark, with or without o'

er elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use

such Program Trademarks in bind manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). AAUM and

University may not use any P

gram Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or

services offered by Bank through the Program. AAUM and University shall not register or
attempt to register any Program Tredemark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any
AAUM Trademark or University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain
AAUM Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any Financial Service Products
through the Program, and mayuse Program Trademarks that contain University trademarks to
promote or identify Bank?s Credit Card Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the term of

this Agreement.

AAUM shall maintain and ex
report Consumer Complaints.

te policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and
ithin 24 hours of receipt, AAUM shall provide Bank with notice

of each Consumer Complaint and all relevant documentation and information reasonably related
thereto to the extent within the|possession or control of AAUM. AAUM shall cooperate with
and to the extent reasonably requested, assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each
Consumer Complaint, The pravisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier

termination of this Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, AAUM shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate
and timely performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of all

its services.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maibtain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all seed in anf solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program

except for materials used in an?

AAUM Marketing Effort. Such materials shall be subject to

Page 7 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

