SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
BRANDEIS UNIVERSITY

This Agreement is effective as of January 1, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between FIA Card
Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business in Wilmington,
Delaware (?Bank?), and Brandeis University, an educational institution having its principal place of
business in Waltham, Massachusetts (?BU?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, BU and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
entered into as of June 30, 1995, as the same has been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank
provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of BU; and

WHEREAS, BU and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
BU and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through B.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?BU Affiliate? means any Affiliate of BU.
?BU Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by BU or any BU Affiliate

prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

?Business Credit Card Account? means an open-end business credit account opened pursuant
to the Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

Page 1 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
