Second Affinity Agreement
University of California, Irvine Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this ist day of September, 2018 (the ?Effective
Date?) by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington,
Delaware (?Bank?) and University of California, Irvine Alumni Association, a non-profit corporation having its
principal place of business in Irvine, California (?UCIAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UCIAA and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated
September 1, 2013, as the same may have been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCIAA;
and,

WHEREAS, UCIAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety
as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, UCIAA
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer, a Credit Card Account, the
Bank, or the Program that Bank furnishes or causes to be furnished to UCIAA.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information. Accountholder List includes any whole
or partial copies or compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information
derived solely from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common contro! with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

-1-

Draft - University of California frvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28

