AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT {?Amendment?) is entered into as of this 1" day of July, 2017 (?Amendment
Effective Date?) by and between The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, on behalf
of Columbia Aiumni Association (?CAA?) and Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA
Card Services, N.A., ?Bank? ", and together with CAA, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their
respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, CAA and Bank are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated February 1, 2012, as the same may have been amended (?Agreement?), wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behaif of
CAA; and

WHEREAS, CAA and Bank mutuaily desire to amend the Agreement as provided for herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutuai covenants and agreement contained herein, CAA and
Bank agree as foliows:

1. The above recltals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Amendment. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in thls Amendment shali have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

2. Section 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new definitions:

"CAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by CAA (including such
services further delegated to or undertaken by its respectiva Representatives) pursuant to this
Agreement or In furtherance of the Program (including CAA Marketing Efforts).

*Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on
behalf of a consumer (inciuding a Member and Customer} thal expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an Identifiable entity related to a consumer's
personal experience with any aspect of bank products, policias or services including the Program.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any
State or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
reguiatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator
having jurisdiction over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes
the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. ?

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or forelgn government or any court of
competent jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or
instrumentality, domestic or foreign.

?Party? or "Partles? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.
?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability

company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated

The Trustees of Columbla University in the City of New York Term Extensi... (1)

