Cc. PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1. $3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

3. 0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Soend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

4. $100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

D. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the Term, NU will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits Royalty compensation
provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial Service Product. Except as set forth
in this Section D, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other Royalty compensation provisions contained in
the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to NU on any existing deposit account that is
converted to the Program.

1. $10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90"") day from the account opening
date. An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking account opened under the Program that has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account opening
date. Payments will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

E. ROYALTY ADVANCES

1. Within 45 days of full execution of this Agreement, Bank shall pay to NU the sum of three thousand fifty-
seven dollars and eighty-four cents ($3,057.84), and upon each annual anniversary of the Effective Date in 2020
through 2022, Bank shall pay to NU the sum of forty thousand dollars ($40,000) (each and in the aggregate, an
?Advance?), as an advance against future Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth below. Excluding
Royalties for GIP Accounts, all Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to NU, be applied against each of
the Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid
to NU as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated to
pay any additional Advances to NU hereunder, and (y) NU hereby promises to pay Bank upon demand an
amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount

-25-
