SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
Northeastern University

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of the first day of July, 2019 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.), a national banking
association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and Northeastern University, an educational
institution having its principal place of business in Boston, Massachusetts (?NU?, and collectively with Bank,
?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, NU and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated July
1, 2014, as the same may have been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial

services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of NU; and,

WHEREAS, NU and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as
of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, NU and
Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common
law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory
examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations (whether written or verbal) of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-
laws and rules of self-regulatory organizations; (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any

-1-
