contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network; and, (iv) rulings,
injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank from
time to time in the exercise of its reasonable judgment and consistently applied across its US retail
consumer credit card programs.

?Bank Marketing Channel? means any account acquisition channel other than CAA Marketing
Channels?.

?CAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of CAA.

?CAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by CAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?CAA Marketing Channels? means any account acquisition channel used by CAA.

?CAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of CAA or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by CAA or any

CAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date and each
consecutive twelve (12) month period thereafter during the Term.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

-2-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
