Complaint and all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent
within the possession or control of PTK. PTK shall cooperate with and to the extent reasonably
requested, assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions
of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) For the avoidance of doubt, PTK shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely
performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of ali PTK Services.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any PTK Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of PTK.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any PTK Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of PTK.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of PTK. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as
a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by PTK.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place PTK Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing
applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or
other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. PTK
shall have approval of the use and appearance of PTK Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to
Section 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank's discretion. Bank will not be
required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and
premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of PTK or
a PTK Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. PTK waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or
agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. if a third party
should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the
realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, PTK acknowledges and agrees
that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers
(e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with the
promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, Bank
agrees that it shall not, when using PTK?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding
?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing
solicitation, unless PTK consents to Bank's use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits

7

PHI THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
