ADDENDUM

THIS ADDENDUM (the "Addendum") is entered into as of the 1? day of December, 2014, (the
?Addendum Effective Date?), by and between University of Central Florida Foundation, Incorporated,
on behalf of itself and University of Central Florida Alumni Association ("UCFF") and Bank of
America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.) ("Bank"), for themselves and their
respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UCFF and Bank are parties to that certain Group Incentive Program Agreement
effective July 1, 2014, as the same may have been amended (the ?Agreement??), wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to persons included in lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCFF; and,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, UCFF
and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

2. For the sake of clarity, Royalties will not be paid for student GIP Accounts.

3. Section 6 of the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the last reference to ?Section 6? in
the last sentence of the paragraph with ?Section 5.? :

5. Section 10 of the Agreement is hereby amended by replacing all references to ?UCFF Marketing
Effort? with ?UCFF contact effort.?

6. Section 10(f) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting all references to ?Business Credit
Card Accounts.?

7. Schedule A of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following Section:
B. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, UCFF will receive an
additional incremental account bonus from Bank (?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?)
equal to:

US $10,000.00 (ten thousand and 00/100 U.S. Dollars) if one hundred (100) or
more GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts
opened in aggregate in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts; or

Equal to US $20,000.00 (twenty thousand and 00/100 U.S. Dollars) if two hundred (200)
or more GIP Accounts. Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts
opened in aggregate in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts; or

1
