????
? e

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF MBNA AMERICA

(a) MBNA America shall design, develop and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) MBNA America shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with regard to the
Program. MBNA America reserves the right of prior written approval of all advertising and solicitation
materials concerning or related to the Program, which may be developed by or on behalf of SLU.

{c) MBNA America shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program.

(d) MBNA America shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each
Customer's account(s) independently of SLU.

(e) MBNA America shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling these Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose.
MBNA America shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Mailing Lists to whom promotional
material will not be sent. These Mailing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of SLU. However,
MBNA America may maintain separately all information which it obtains as a result of an account relationship
or an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of MBNA America's own files
and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that MBNA America will not use this separate
information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by SLU.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) SLU and MBNA America each represents and warrants to the other that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing.

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable
against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors? rights
generally and by general principles of equity.

(iv) No consent, approval or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are in full
force and effect.

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not constitute
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

(b) SLU represents and warrants to MBNA America as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this
Agreement that it has the right and power to license the Trademarks to MBNA America for use as
contemplated by this Agreement. SLU will hold MBNA America, its directors, officers, agents, employees,
affiliates, successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and will
reimburse MBNA America?s reasonable and actual costs in connection therewith, arising from the Trademark

3of 11
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
