(b) GKIHS represents and warrants to Bank as of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during any
period thereafter that GKIHS Trademarks remain in use hereunder, that: (i) GKIHS has the right and
power to license GKIHS Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement (as defined in
Section 11(d); and (ii) GKIHS shall provide the Marketing List(s} to Bank for the promotion of the
Program. GKIHS shail indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective
Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action,
and claims, and shail reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including
reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license granted herein or from Bank's
use of GKIHS Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the
Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints
relating to the license or the use of any GKIHS Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this
Section 4{b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) GKIHS represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that neither it nor its
Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives, and its and their Agents) is the subject of
any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?, nor is GKIHS, or its Representatives or
Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions.
GKIHS represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and Subcontractors has or during
the term of this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. GKIHS represents and warrants that neither it nor
its Subcontractors (or its and their respective Representatives, or its and their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Throughout the Term GKIHS shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide GKIHS
Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to
Bank and GKIHS), and Bank?s instruction. The provision of this Subsection 4(d) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e} GKIHS and Bank each will indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its directors, officers, agents,
employees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns (the ?indemnitees?) from and against any and all
liability, causes of action, claims, and the reasonable and actual costs incurred in connection therewith
("Losses?), resulting from the material breach of this Agreement by GKIHS or Bank, respectively as the
case may be, or its directors, officers or employees. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in
the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints that may reasonably result in the
indemnification by the other Party.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to GKIHS. No compensation or payments shall be paid to GKIHS until a
Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and
returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be
made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter and shall be accompanied by a
statement available via the web portal showing the Bank?s calculation of Royalties due.

9

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
