Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay any

third-party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or

other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of UCIAA or an UCIAA Affiliate

for such gifts or premiums. UCIAA waives such payments from any third-party(ies) (and/or agrees to |
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the |
recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third-party should |
refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of

this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance payments.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, UCIAA acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously
with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement.
However, when using UCIAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank
Products (excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless UCIAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may |
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account |
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) UCIAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, |
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may

be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting

the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that UCIAA Trademarks or :
University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, UCIAA represents and warrants to Bank that UCIAA has
the right and power to license UCIAA Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for
use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s} to Bank for the promotion
of the Program. UCIAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their |
respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes |

-11-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement {BANA Legal} 2016-06-28

