license granted herein or from MBNA America?s use of the Trademarks in reliance thereon. Each party shall
promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints
relating to such license or the use of any Trademarks.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the term of this Agreement, MBNA America shall pay Royalties to SLU. Royalties will not be
paid without a completed Schedule C. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule B, payment of Royalties then
due shall be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b) On or before the forty fifth (45th) day after the end of each calendar quarter during the term of this
Agreement, MBNA America will provide SLU with a statement showing the number of Credit Card Accounts
opened, the number of Credit Card Accounts renewed and the retail purchase dollar volume (excluding those
transactions that relate to refunds, returns and unauthorized transactions), made during the preceding calendar
period.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

A summary of the current features of the Program are set forth in Schedule A. MBNA America reserves the
right to make periodic adjustments to the Program and its terms and features.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information provided by or
on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of
this Agreement ("Information") are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be
disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as
mutually agreed in writing. MBNA America and SLU shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to
their accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of
their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information as confidential in the above
described manner and (ii) as required by law or by any governmental regulatory authority.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on January 31, 2004. This
Agreement will automatically extend at the end of the initial term or any renewal term for successive two-year
periods, unless either party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least ninety (90) days, but not
more than one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the last date of such term or renewal term, as applicable.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its
conflict of laws principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware.

4of1l
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
