University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the
right to use approved materials in Bank?s reasonable discretion in furtherance of the Program.
Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or
manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due
directly or indirectly to or on behalf of UDAA or a UDAA Affiliate for such gifts or premiums.
UDAA waives such payments from any third party(ies) {and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s)
of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of
such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party should refuse to
reduce the price toe Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of this
benefit by Bank} then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance
payments.

(g} | Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, UDAA
acknowledges and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that
Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank
Products?) contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits to Members and that such Bank
Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, when using UDAA?s Marketing List for
Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products (exciuding Deposits Offers, as
defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation,
unless UDAA consents in writing prior to Bank?s use of the Marketing List for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and ail other
products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking
and SO Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposit Offers or a Bank
Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the
Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) UDAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective
Date and at all times during the Term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general
principles of equity;

{iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third party is required

in connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
