governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the Previous
Agreement shall govern the Parties? relationship with respect to any claim or obligation arising prior to
the Effective Date.

13. ACCOUNTHOLDER LIST

(a) If no notice of termination has been given by either Party, and no event of default of UICA has
occurred, or would have occurred but for the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, during the
Term, Bank will, from time to time as agreed by the Parties, furnish an Accounthoider List to UICA.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to furnish
and may restrict UICA?s use of any Accountholder List or Accountholder Information, if Bank is
prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of Applicable Law, Bank-wide
privacy policy, public privacy pledge, or individual present or former Accountholder request, or if
furnishing the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information or its intended use would create an
additional regulatory or compliance burden on Bank.

(b) VICA will not use the Accountholder List for any purpose not expressly permitted by Bank in this
Agreement or in a separate writing prepared by Bank and delivered from time to time to UICA. UICA will
secure the Accountholder List in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and, Bank?s
instructions as communicated by Bank to UICA from time to time. UICA will only permit access to the
Accountholder List to those employees of UICA who need such access to perform their duties relating to
this Agreement. UICA will inform such employees of UICA?s duties and limitations under this Agreement,
and enforce compliance therewith.

(c) Any Accountholder List furnished to UICA may contain dummy information (e.g., names,
account information, addresses, etc. unknown to UICA) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of
an Accountholder List. A violation of this Section is conclusively proven and the relief specified below
will be deemed owed when Bank establishes the following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy
information on the list (e.g., name(s), account information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy
information received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the scope of the permitted use
of the Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its
affiliates to any third-party.

(d) UICA agrees Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by
UICA and/or its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in
this Agreement will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of
such violation or further violation (including threatened violation).

(e} UICA will return to Bank each Accountholder List, in the same form as received by UICA within
thirty (30} days of receipt of such Accountholder List. Within 30 days after the effective date of
termination of the Agreement, UICA agrees that it will: (i) destroy and purge from all its systems all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information; and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or
partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. UICA will perform all destruction of
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information in accordance with Bank's then current destruction

policy.

(f) UICA will notify Bank in writing within twenty-four (24) hours after its discovery of any breach of
security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or
attempted breach that could include the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information. UICA will

-25-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCX
