neither it nor its subcontractors (or its and their respective Representatives, or its and their Agents) will
use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with
any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d

Throughout the Term Fordham shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide Fordham
Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to
Bank and Fordham), and Bank?s instruction. Throughout the Term Bank shall and shall cause its
respective Representatives to provide the Program in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and Applicable Law (as applied to Bank and Fordham.)

5. ROYALTIES

(a

During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to Fordham. No compensation or payments shall be paid to Fordham until a
Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and
returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be
made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b

On or before the forty-fifth (45th) day after the end of each calendar quarter during the Term of this
Agreement, Bank will provide Fordham with a statement showing the number of consumer Credit Card
Accounts opened, the number of consumer Credit Card Accounts renewed and the retail purchase
transaction dollar volume (excluding those transactions that relate to refunds, returns and unauthorized
transactions), made during the preceding calendar quarter on consumer Credit Card Accounts.

(c

If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole, reasonable
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify Fordham in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business
days after Fordham?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed
an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall
have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement
in its entirety, without penalty or liability to Fordham, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated
earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains
subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null
and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes

to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy)
