(e)

?

(g)

(h)

costs exceed Royalties then due UAAA, if requested by Bank, UAAA will promptly reimburse
Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, UAAA will
provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UAAA will
not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who has expressly requested that UAAA not provide his/her personal information to third
parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by UAAA or its agents
for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs
from Royalties due UAAA. UAAA will provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least twenty-three thousand (23,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as
possible but no later than thirty (30) days after UAAA?s execution of this Agreement.

UAAA will, and will cause any UAAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to UAAA.
Notwithstanding the above, UAAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from
its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to UAAA. Any correspondence received by UAAA
that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded
to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All
reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by UAAA will be paid by Bank.

UAAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UVAAA
Trademarks and/or University Trademarks as referenced in Schedule C with the Program. This
license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the
duration of this Agreement and will apply to the UAAA Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such UAAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation
of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UAAA
will provide Bank all UAAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty
(30) days after UAAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits UAAA from granting to other persons a license to use the UAAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except
for any Financial Service Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
UAAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited
by this Section 2(h). UAAA may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the
Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program. UAAA shall not
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to
register any UAAA Trademark or University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks
that contain UAAA Trademarks or University Trademarks to promote or identify the Program
and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only
during the term of this Agreement.

fF. . yao FLL ARAP V.ANR.FO
