e e

H. REWARD CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Credit Card Accounts shall only generate the Royalty compensation set forth in this
Schedule B, Section H notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement provided, however,
that Reward Credit Card Account Royalties accrued hereunder will be treated as Royalties for
purposes of Schedule B, Section F hereof.

1. $1.00 (one dollar) for each new Reward Credit Card Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days.

2. $3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Credit Card Account for which the annual
fee is paid by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by MBNA America
(other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by MBNA America), then such
royalty will be paid for each Reward Credit Card Account which: 1) has a
balance greater than zero as of the last business day of the annual anniversary of
the month in which the Reward Credit Card Account was opened; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve months. A Reward
Credit Card Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of
the account.

3. 0.20% (two tenths of one percent) of the retail purchase transaction dollar
volume generated by Customers using a Reward Credit Card Account with active
charging privileges, excluding those transactions that (i) relate to refunds, returns
and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (ii) are cash equivalent transactions
(e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery ticket, or casino
gaming chips).

4. $30.00 (thirty dollars) for each Reward GIP Account opened, which remains
open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Reward GIP
Account?s opening for at least one purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise
disputed. Such Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-
an-account Royalty.

I BUSINESS CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

BusinessCard Credit Card Account compensation provisions shall not affect any other
compensation provisions contained in the Agreement, and the compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Card Accounts shall not apply to BusinessCard
Credit Card Accounts provided, however, that BusinessCard Credit Card Account
Royalties accrued hereunder will be treated as Royalties for purposes of Schedule B.,
Section F hereof.

0.20% (two tenths of one percent) of the retail purchase transaction dollar
volume generated by Customers using a BusinessCard Credit Card Account with
active charging privileges, excluding those transactions that (i) relate to refunds,
returns and/or unauthorized transactions, and/or (ii) are cash equivalent
transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery
ticket, or casino gaming chips).
