THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
Indiana University Alumni Association, Inc.

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of the first day of April, 2020 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and Indiana University Alumni Association, Inc., an Indiana not-for-profit corporation having its
principal place of business in Bloomington, Indiana (?IUAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, IUAA and Bank are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated April 1, 2014, as amended and modified by that Parties pursuant to that certain Amendment dated April 1,
2019 (collectively, the ?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons
included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of IUAA; and,

WHEREAS, IUAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as
of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, IUAA and
Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized terms
have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech,
and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their
use.

?Accountholder Information? means any information relating to a Customer, a Credit Card Account, the
Bank, or the Program that Bank furnishes or causes to be furnished to IUAA.

?Accountholder List? means a list of Accountholder Information (including anonymized, or aggregated
Accountholder Information). Accountholder List includes any whole or partial copies, derivations, or
compilations of an Accountholder List in any form or any medium, any information derived solely or in
combination with other information from an Accountholder List, and all Accountholder Information.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The term
?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).
