?UVAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?UVAA Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by UVAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance
of the Program (including UVAA Marketing Efforts).

?UVAA Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by UVAA or any UVAA Affiliate prior to or
during the Term.

?Virginia Sports Properties? means Virginia Sports Properties, a division of CBS Collegiate Sports
Properties Inc., a Delaware corporation, which as the exclusive marketing and multi-media rights
partner for the University provides marketing and advertising deliverables to corporate partners
supporting the University?s athletic programs.

(b) Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shall apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (viii) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UVAA

(a) Except as otherwise provided for in Subsection 2(b) below, UVAA agrees that during the Term it will
endorse the Program exclusively and that neither UVAA nor any UVAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, including the University, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid,
develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than
Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow
others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of UVAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank;
and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available
any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, UVAA may solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization, the provision of any Financial Service Product of any entity during the 6 months
immediately preceding the expiration of the then current Term; provided, however, that no agreement
between UVAA and/or the University, except as otherwise provided for in Subsection 2(b) below, and
any entity other than Bank for the provision of Financial Service Products shall have an effective date
prior to the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. In addition, if UVAA or any

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
