$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the annual fee is paid
by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a
courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward
Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every
twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward Account; and 2) has had active
charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A Premium Reward
Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Customers using a Premium Reward Account (excluding those
transactions that (1) relate to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions,
and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
person to person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

$75.00 (seventy-five dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Premium Reward GIP
Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.
Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

E. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the term of this Agreement, CAA will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits
Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial
Service Product. Except as set forth in this Section E, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other
Royalty compensation provisions contained in the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be
paid to CAA on any existing deposit account that is converted to the Program.

1.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has
a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day from the
account opening date.

$2.00 (two dollars) for every checking account opened under the Program that has a
positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the
account opening date. Payments will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after
the end of each calendar quarter.

Page 16 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
