AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT (the ?Amendment?) Is entered into as of this_7th__ day of June, 2016 (the|
?Amendment Effective Date?) by and between Saint Louis University (?SLU?) and Bank of America, N.A.
(as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A. f/k/a MBNA America Bank, N.A.) (?Bank?),|for

themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, SLU and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement|dated
July 23, 1999, as the same has been amended (the ?Agreement?}, wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of SLU; and

WHEREAS, SLU and Bank mutually desire to amend the Agreement as provided for herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein] SLU and
Bank agree as follows:

1, The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Amendment. capealzed
terms not otherwise defined In this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Agreement.

2. Effective __ June 7 , 2016, Section C of Schedule A and Section C of Schedule|B,
respectively, are hereby deleted. Additionally, effective June 7. , 2016, Section D of Schedule A
and Section F of Schedule B, as set forth on Attachments #1 and #2 to the Term Extension Addendum
entered into as of May 9, 2003, respectively, are hereby deleted. For the avoidance of doubt, from and
after such effective cates, Bank will not pay Royalties or compensation with regard to such proiucts or
services that were previously the subject of Schedule A, Sections C and D and Schedule B, Sections C and
F, respectively, now deleted.

3. Except as amended by this Amendment, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the

Agreement are valid, will remain in fuli force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed| Any
inconsistencies between this Amendment and the Agreement will be governed by this Amendment.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as amended by this
Amendment, will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its
conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for ail purposes to be made and fully performediin
Delaware,

4, This Amendment may he executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be
considered an original, and ail of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Amendment, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
matters covered and na other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by
any party or its employees, officers or agents will be valid and binding.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page fallows)

Sain! Louis Univarslty GO-GR Amendment (BANA draft) 2016-06-03 SIGNED

