12.

Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify AAAI in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
terms of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after AAAI?s receipt of Bank?s
notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to
both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card
Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to AAAI, upon 90 days advance
written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card
Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such
terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall
be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of
the Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, AAAI agrees that neither AAAI nor any AAAI Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AAAI may, after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity
to participate in another financial service program endorsed by AAAI, provided the opportunity is not
only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified in such solicitation as a customer of
Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions
of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, AAAI will not receive a list of Customers or other information indicating
whether a Member is a Customer.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to AAAI effective as of
the date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, AAAI agrees that it shall
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and
purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic Personal Information; and (ii) destroy
within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or
reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. AAAI shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with Bank's then-current
destruction policy. AAAI shall have the right to retain a copy of Information of Bank only to the extent
required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and continues to be
subject to the terms and conditions herein contained. AAAI shall promptly certify its compliance with
these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions of this Subsection 11(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 12(f).

17

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
