obligations hereunder (including IUAA Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or delegated
to IUAA?s Representatives or Subcontractors). Bank shall have the right to determine the scope of such
audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of
the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice.

(I) IUAA shall maintain (and make available), in a reasonably accessible location, all records
pertaining to IUAA Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank with respect to
such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from the date of
creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available
for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to IUAA?s customers other than applicants or
Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with IUAA Activities. To the
extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, IUAA will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any
Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within IUAA?s possession or control (including, if
applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s sole cost and
expense and upon its written request, IUAA shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective
order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period for the lesser period of
five (5) years or the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of IUAA or otherwise made
available to IUAA and requested in writing by Bank, IUAA will promptly deliver to Bank a copy of findings
from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering IUAA?s and its
Representatives operations as a services organization providing IUAA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type
ll Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute
of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards
(or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any
successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for
by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization). IUAA will
not require, and will cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors and preparers of such
reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) IUAA acknowledges that Bank has directed IUAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and IUAA
has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

(o) IUAA shall promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable
Laws and this Agreement as a result of Bank?s audits, tests or inspections pursuant to Section 2(k). IUAA?s
failure or refusal to (1) cooperate, (2) cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to
cooperate, (3) cause its Representatives and require its Subcontractors to abide by the terms of this
Agreement, or (4) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Representatives and require its
Subcontractors to promptly remediate within 30 days of written notice to IUAA shall be deemed a material
breach by IUAA of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(0) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination or expiration of the Term for a period of five (5) years.

(p) If any IUAA Subcontractor refuses or fails to timely perform any IUAA Activity required by IUAA
pursuant to this Agreement, including for example Training, |UAA shall promptly notify Bank and cease
utilizing such Subcontractor for any IUAA Activities.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

-10-
