(b)

(a)

(b)

(v) The execution. delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such
party.

UCFF represents and warrants to Bank as of the date hereof and throughout the term of
this Agreement and any period thereafter that Bank has the right to use the UCFF
Trademarks to wind down the Program that it has the right and power to: (i) license
UCFF Trademarks: and (ii) to provide the Member Contact List(s) to Bank for the
promotion of the Program. UCFF will indemnify. defend and hold harmless Bank, and
its directors, officers, agents, employees, Affiliates, successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims. and will reimburse Bank?s costs, fees
and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court
expenses), arising from the UCFF Trademarks license granted herein, or from Bank?s
authorized use of the UCFF Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the authorized use of
any Member Contact List(s) by Bank for the Program. UCFF assumes no obligation to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, and its directors, officers, agents, employees.
Affiliates, successors and assigns, from and against all liability. causes of action, and
claims, nor to reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith
(including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), to the extent any such liability,
cause of action, and/or claim arises from the Bank?s unauthorized use or misuse of the
UCFF Trademarks license granted herein, from the Bank?s unauthorized use or misuse of
the UCFF Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the unauthorized use or misuse of any
Member Contact List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each party will promptly notify the
other party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of
any UCFF Trademarks or Member Contact Lists.

ROYALTIES

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay Royalties to UCFF. Royalties will not
be paid until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g..
W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule
A, payment of Royalties then due will be made approximately forty-five (45) calendar
days after the end of each calendar quarter.

If at any time during the term of the Agreement any material change in any card
network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together
with all other rate changes since the Effective Date. has more than a de minimis adverse
impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a
product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify UCFF in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within
thirty (30) business days after UCFF?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other
financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the
Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without
penalty or liability to UCFF, upon ninety (90) calendar days advance written notice. For

Page 8 of 20
