List or Accountholder Information or its intended use would create an additional regulatory or compliance
burden on Bank.

(b) IUAA will not use the Accountholder List (including information from the Accountholder List, or
Accountholder Information) for any purpose not expressly permitted by Bank (1) in this Agreement or (2)
in a separate writing prepared by Bank and delivered from time to time to IUAA. IUAA will secure the
Accountholder List in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement and, Bank?s instructions as
communicated by Bank to IUAA from time to time. IUAA will only permit access to the Accountholder List
to those employees of IUAA who need such access to perform their duties relating to this Agreement.
IUAA will inform such employees of IUAA?s duties and limitations under this Agreement, and enforce
compliance therewith.

(c) Any Accountholder List furnished to IUAA may contain dummy information (e.g., names, account
information, addresses, etc., unknown to IUAA.) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an
Accountholder List.

(d) IUAA agrees Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by
IUAA and/or its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in
this Agreement will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such
violation or further violation (including threatened violation).

(e) IUAA will destroy and purge from all its systems each Accountholder List, in the same form as
received by IUAA within thirty (30) days of receipt of such Accountholder List. On or before the effective
date of termination of the Agreement, IUAA agrees that it will: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all
its systems all Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information; and (ii) destroy within thirty (30) days
all Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full
or partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. IUAA will perform all destruction
of Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information in accordance with Bank's then current destruction
policy and shall promptly certify its compliance with these guidelines upon Bank?s request. The provisions
of this Subsection 13(e) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(f) IUAA will notify Bank in writing within twenty-four (24) hours in the event of a breach of security
or commercially reasonable suspicion of a breach that could include the Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information. IUAA will cooperate fully with Bank to investigate, resolve and control
security incidents. IUAA will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by
law or regulation that informs the Accountholders of a security breach. IUAA will monitor industry-
standard information channels (e.g., bugtraq, CERT, OEMs) for newly identified system vulnerabilities and
fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that IUAA will introduce such fix or patch as soon as
commercially reasonable after IUAA becomes aware of the security problem. This obligation extends to
all devices that comprise IUAA?s system that receives, transmits, or stores the Accountholder List or
Accountholder Information, e.g., application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches
and hubs.

(g) Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation of this Section by
IUAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) including their respective
Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives. Nothing in this Section will be construed as
prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such breach or threatened breach of this
Subsection. The limitation set forth in Section 12(s) shall not apply to this Subsection.

-23-
