11.

Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its sole and
unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation of
any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, AAAI shall immediately discontinue any or all
Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. AAAI will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at AAAI?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by AAAI upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, AAAI will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) AAAI will advertise all the products offered under the Program on AAAI?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of AAAI as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at AAAI?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle AAAI to
the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. AAAI will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, AAAI will provide Bank with the ability (including
unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the AAAI internet site(s), including any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, AAAI agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g.,
hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s),
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing
efforts, including placement of Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone
number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories,
statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION
(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a

description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of

15

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
