(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that NU Trademarks remain
in use hereunder, NU represents and warrants to Bank that NU has the right and power to license NU
Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to
Bank for the promotion of the Program. NU shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its
Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in
connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) (all of the foregoing
collectively, ?Claims?) arising from the license granted herein, from Bank's use of the NU Trademarks in
reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. NU has no obligation
under the preceding sentence to the extent any Claims arise from the Bank?s misuse of the NU
Trademarks or the Marketing List in a manner that is not authorized hereunder or is not in compliance
with Applicable Law, provided that such noncompliance with Applicable Law does not result from a
breach of duty or obligation of NU as contained in this Agreement. Each Party shall promptly notify the
other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any NU
Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, NU represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is NU or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. NU represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. NU represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to NU with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to NU until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form)
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise
provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has

-11-
