(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(?)

(d)

immediately discontinue any or all UHAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance
with, the written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UHAA will not deviate from
the approved materials and plan for any UHAA Marketing Effort without the prior written
approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any UHAA
Marketing Effort or of supporting any UHAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by
UHAA upon demand.

UHAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any UHAA
Marketing Effort.

UHAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UHAA?s home page,
account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UHAA as
the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at UHAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink
from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a
telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised
Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or
telephone number will entitle UHAA to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to
the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. UHAA will modify or remove such
advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all
Program material, UHAA will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within
the UHAA internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or other restricted
access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, UHAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following UHAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program:
(i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application
and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to,
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline
marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shal! include, but not be limited to, publication ads,
magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7, 10(c), 10(d), 10(f) and 11(e) will survive the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this Agreement.

Page L1 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

