Training) in writing. Fordham grants (and to cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of
Fordham, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives).

(3) Fordham shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives)
to provide Fordham Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement,
Applicable Law, the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. Fordham shall be responsible for
the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely performance of all Fordham Services, whether
performed by Fordham or any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives).
Fordham shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors
(and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly perform any
of Fordham?s obligation under this Agreement, including the Fordham Services. The provisions
of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for 18
months following the expiration of the Wind-Down Period.

(n) Fordham shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, ina
reasonably accessible location, all records pertaining to Fordham Services for the period of time
as instructed in writing by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such
instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which
such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available for review shall
exclude any records: (i) pertaining to Fordham?s customers other than applicants or Customers;
and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with Fordham Services.
Fordham will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s
Information within Fordham?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, Fordham shall
reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information.
The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term
and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period.

(o) During the Term and until the conclusion of the Wind-down Period, solely to the extent
prepared by or on behalf of Fordham or otherwise made available to Fordham and requested in
writing by Bank, FORDHAM will promptly deliver to Bank at Fordham? s expense a copy of
findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
Fordham?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing Fordham Services such as an SSAE 16, Type I] Audit Report (or any successor or
replacement reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor
organization), reports on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor
or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the |S027000 Directory or any successor
organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by
the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization).
Fordham will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers
of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to delivering such reports
to Bank.

4. Section 11 is hereby amended to add the following new subsection:

(i) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Fordham agrees
that it shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i)
immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all Information, including Nonpublic
