(e) Bank shall use the Member List provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Member List to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on the Member List to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. The Member List are and shall remain the sole property
of UICA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result
of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part
of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this
separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UICA.

(f} Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place Licensed Trademarks on gifts for
individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,?
or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications
(collectively, ?Premiums?). Bank will use Premiums solely in connection with the Program.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank may obtain Premiums that bear Licensed Trademarks from
University-approved licensees only. Upon request, UICA shall provide Bank with the name and contact
information for each University-approved licensee necessary to create Premiums. UICA will have
approval rights of the use and appearance of the Licensed Trademarks used on Premiums pursuant to
Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion solely for the
Program. Provided that Bank has used a University-approved licensee for Premiums, Bank will not be
required to pay any third-party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of Premiums) royalties
or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of UICA, an UICA Affiliate, or
the University for such Premiums. UICA waives such payments from any third-party(ies) (and/or agrees
to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the
recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third-party should
refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of
this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance payments.

(g} Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, UICA acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
when using UICA?s Member List for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail, or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless UICA consents to Bank?s use of the Member List for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may
maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

(h) Bank shall not use (i) any Membership List during the term of this Agreement or thereafter or (ii)
its list of Customers during the term of this Agreement, to offer Members or Customers any credit card
other than a Credit Card Account; provided that Bank may market any other credit card to Members and
Customers during the term of this Agreement, and thereafter, if the name and/or other necessary
information of such Members or Customers is obtained by Bank through a source other than the
Program, or the Customer or Member requests such a product or service. For clarity, nothing in this
Agreement shall limit or prohibit Bank from marketing or offering any credit card product or program to
Customers after the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

-13-
FINAL: STATE UNIVERSITY OF [OWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.DOCK
