the right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of NYU.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of NYU.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of NYU. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by NYU.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, NYU acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
Bank agrees that it will not, when using NYU?s Marketing Lists to market Deposits, include reference to
Bank Products (excluding Deposits Offers, as defined below) in the initial solicitation material without
NYU?s consent. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all
other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and
$0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application
for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information
becomes a part of Bank?s own files and will not be subject to the Agreement.

(g) Bank?s use of any Subcontractor or third party shall not relieve the Bank of any of its obligations
under this Agreement. Bank shall be liable for the performance of its Subcontractors in connection with
Bank?s duties or obligations in this Agreement to the extent provided for herein. No provisions of the
Agreement shall create or be construed as creating any contractual relation between NYU and any Bank
Subcontractor. This Subsection shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period
of two years.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) The Parties each represent and warrant to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

-11-
