ee

03/02/2018 17:04 Fax a}

(g)

U-w
~ bat 017/033

prohibited or unenforceable for wy reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be

ineffective, without invalidating
validity or enforceability of this
provision in any other jurisdicti

more narrowly drawn so 45 not ?

shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
provisions of this Agreement or
other jurisdiction. :

? remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the

greement ot affecting the validity or enforceability of such

in. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ifsuch provision could be

be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it
narrowly drawn, without invalidating the remaining

affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any

To be valid for purposes of this Ezeement all notices required by this Agreement must be in

writing. Notices shall be deer

given (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery, facsimile or

nationally or intemationally recognized overnight or express courier, (ii) 3 business days after
mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) at the time

that notice of receipt is generat

electronically by the recipient party opening the email (7.2,

request a read receipt, which some recipients might be able to ignore) or at the time that the
sender can demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered (i.?., request a delivery
receipt), or at such other time ag the receiving party acknowledges receipt. To be valid for
purposes of this Agreement, alljnotices must be addressed as follows:
(1) Ifto AAUM:

Alumni Association of the University of Michigan

200 Fietcher Street

Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1007

ATTENTION: Mr. Jerry Sigler

enior Vice President & CFO

E-mail: jsigler@umich.edu

(2) ~~ If to University,

University of ete Sec Athletic Department

1000 South St

? Street

Aun Arbor, MI/48109

ATTENTION;|Mr. James P. Hackett

[Interim Athletic Director

E-mail: jimhagkettad@umich edu

AND

University of
Procurement

ichigan

ervices

7071 Wolverine Tower

Page 16 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

