eee

93/02/2016 17:07 FAX a

request, or otherwise di
opening, converts to a

$3,00 (three dollars) for
Customer. If no annual
waiver by Bank), then s
a balance greater than
opening of that Reward
the preceding twelve (1
months after the openin,

O-M_08? 025/093

uted, This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after
ward, or for any Reward GIP Account.

h Reward Account for which the annual fee is paid by the

ce js assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy

ch Royalty will be paid for each Reward Account which: 1) has

as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the
ccount; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of

)} months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve (12)

of the account,

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated by

Customers using a Rew
refunds, returns and/or
transactions (e.g., the p

Account (excluding those transactions that (1) relate to
mauthorized transactions, and/or (2) are cash equivalent
chase of wire transfers, person to person money transfers, bets,

lottery tickets, or casino} gaming chips).

$100.00 (one hundred

llats) for each Reward GIP Account opened, which remains

open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the Customer
within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Reward GIP Account?s opening for at
least one purchase or z advance which is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a

charge back request, or

for any other opening-

therwise disputed. Such Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify
~-an-account Royalty.

C. PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty
compensation provisions contained in ithe Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions
referencing any other form of Credit Gard Accounts will not apply te Premium Reward Accounts.

1,

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Premium Reward Account opened, which remains
open for at least ninety|(90) consecutive days and that is utilized by the Customer within

the first ninety (90)
least one (1) purchase
charge back request, o
which, after opening,
Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) ft
by the Customer. Ifn
courtesy waiver by B:

twelfth month after th

secutive days of the Premium Reward Account?s opening for at
cash advance that ig not subsequently rescinded, the subject ofa
otherwise disputed. This Royalty will not be paid for any account
vets to a Premium Reward Account, or for any Premium

each Premium Reward Account for which the annual fee is paid
annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a
), then such Royalty will be paid for cach Premium Reward

opening of that Premium Reward Account; and 2) has had active

Account whicli: 1) ?th balance greater than zero as of the last processing day of every

charging privileges fo

each of the preceding twelve (12) months, A Premium Reward

Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

using a Premium Reward Account (excluding those

0.05% (five basis rm of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume

generated by Custom:
transactions that (1)

late to refunds, returns and/or unauthorized transactions,

Page 24 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

