DocuSign Envelope ID: G6EEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

11.

site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to
apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to sucha
hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UVAA to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the
other terms and conditions of this Agreement. UVAA will correct, modify, terminate, remove and delink (as
directed by Bank) any and all hyperlinks, postings, materials, or advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of
Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, UVAA will provide Bank with the ability (including
unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the UVAA internet site(s), including any ?members
only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, UVAA agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group
Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g., hyperlinks
to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), standalone e-mails, e-
newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, including placement of
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s) within publication ads, magazine
inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers,
renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the material
breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party does not cure or
substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?),
then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or UVAA:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding provisions of
any successor laws;

(ii) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or the
corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by midnight at the
end of the 60th. day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case is pending issues an order
for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an assignment of all or
substantially all of its assets to such a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the United States
Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws} for such Party or all or substantially all of its
assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-faith
dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so;

(v) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation; or

(vi) becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets; or

(vii) ceases to conduct business for a period of over two weeks,

then the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice given by
such Party as provided herein.

-15-

EXECUTION CoPy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
