(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

notice will (i) include a description of the material breach: and (ii) state the party's
intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or
substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of notice, as
provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will terminate sixty (60)
calendar days after the Cure Period.

If either Bank or UCFF becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets or it is
unable to meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it
is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding.
or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership,
conservatorship or liquidation then the other party may immediately terminate this
Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank will, except as set
forth in Section 10(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the UCFF Trademarks for Program
marketing purposes, provided that Bank may conclude all solicitations required by law.
Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank will not claim any
right, title, or interest in or to the UCFF Trademarks or to the Member Contact Lists.

Bank will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with,
relating or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be
communicated by UCFF or any UCFF Affiliate to the Members. Such approval will not
be unreasonably withheld. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement .
Bank will exert best efforts to minimize the amount of time and will have up to ninety
(90) calendar days from the termination or expiration date to: (i) suspend marketing and
remove marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use UCFF Trademarks
in connection with existing Deposit Accounts and Credit Card Accounts and those
opened during such ninety (90) calendar day period; and (iii) remove UCFF Trademarks
from Program collateral and account materials, such as statements, welcome packages,
and card carriers. UCFF shall not attempt to cause the removal of UCFF Trademarks
from any person?s credit devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer
existing as of the maximum ninety (90) calendar days following the termination or
expiration date of this Agreement.

In the event that Applicable Law has or will have a material adverse effect on Bank?s
businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service
under this Agreement), as determined in Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may
notify UCFF in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms of the Agreement to
address the Event. If, within thirty (30) business days after UCFF?s receipt of Bank?s
notice, the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is
satisfactory to both parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate cither the Deposits
Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or
liability to UCFF, upon ninety (90) calendar days advance written notice. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section 10(e), such
terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced

Page 10 of 20
