AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1? day of January, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and between
FIA Card Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business in
Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and University of Houston Alumni Association, a non-profit
corporation having its principal place of business in Houston, Texas (?UHAA?), for themselves and
their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UHAA and Bank are parties to that certain Affinity Agreement entered into as of
January 1, 2011, as the same may have been amended, and a Group Incentive Program Marketing
Agreement entered into as of January 1, 2011, as the same may have been amended (the ?Affinity
Agreement? and ?Marketing Agreement? respectively, and together, the ?Original Agreement?),
wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to
Bank by or on behalf of UHAA; and

WHEREAS, UHAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
UHAA and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through B.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

Page 1 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

