(e) During the Term and thereafter until AU and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information AU will
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in
writing within twenty four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free number provided by Bank from time to time) in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include Information, whether in AU?s possession or in
the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. AU will cooperate
fully (and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully)
with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. AU will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security
breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. AU will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities
and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that AU will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially
reasonable after AU (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes
aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise AU?s system (or that
of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application software,
databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of AU?s other Information handling
practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on
September 30, 2025 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive ninety (90) day periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by
further agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the
?Term?), unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more
than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Alabama, without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any claims against Auburn University
arising out of this Agreement shall be submitted to the Alabama State Board of Adjustment. Auburn
University does not waive and specifically reserves all immunities to which it is entitled by the laws of
the State of Alabama and the United States, including Article |, section 14 of the Constitution of
Alabama, and the Eleventh Amendment to the United States Constitution. Exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of any claims not barred by immunity, nor required to be filed before the Board of Adjustment,

-13-

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
