B.

Schedule A

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the Term, Bank shall pay USCAA quarterly in arrears, a Royalty calculated as follows. For clarity,
the Royalties set forth below, where applicable, shall also apply to all Credit Card Accounts opened prior
to the date of this Agreement that remain open and in good standing. If permitted by USCAA, Bank may
create a special class of consumer accounts for USCAA employees under the Program, and shall not pay
compensation for such designated accounts. All Royalty payments due hereunder are subject to
adjustment by Bank for any prior overpayment of Royalties by Bank:

CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Credit Card Account opened (other than a GIP Account) after it
becomes an Activated Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid by the Customer. If
no annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such
Royalty will be paid for each Credit Card Account that: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Credit Card Account; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the immediately preceding twelve (12) months.

0.50% (fifty basis points) of the Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Credit Card Accounts
(other than reward accounts).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each GIP Account opened after it becomes an Activated Account.
Such GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

REWARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation provisions
contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of Credit Card
Accounts will not apply to Reward Accounts.

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each new Reward Account opened, after it becomes an Activated Account. This
Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Reward Account, or for any
Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the Customer. If no
Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty
will be paid for each Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing
day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Reward Account; and 2) has had active charging
privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve
(12) months after the opening of the account.

0.20% (twenty basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Reward Accounts.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. Such Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-account Royalty.

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
