DocuSign Envelope ID: GEEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or
the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UVAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than
the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(d), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms is meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement
with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties
or any other compensation to UVAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any student Credit
Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and features
(including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program).

rs CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information, proprietary
information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third parties provided by
or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its Subcontractors or any of their
respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party, ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with,
or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure.
Information shall be deemed to include information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing.
Such Information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted
under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as confidential
and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive in this Agreement, or (ii)
as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority (including UVAA?s compliance with
12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section
by its Agents.

(c) UVAA shall keep and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to keep) all
Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information) confidential and shall not make any copies of any kind
or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer) any such
information to any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses
agreed to in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, UVAA shall be liable for any
breach of this Section by its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives. If UVAA receives a request or
demand to disclose Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of
court of competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, UVAA
will: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request; (ii) consult
with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request; and (iii) if
disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or

-12-

EXECUTION Copy- ALUMNI ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
