DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(f)

(g)

(a)

of University. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information that it
obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement; provided
however that Bank will not use this separate information in any manner that would imply an
endorsement by University.

Subject to applicable law and regulation, Bank has the right to place University Trademarks on
gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including without
limitation t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the
solicitation of applications for Financial Service Products. University will approve the use and
appearance of the University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Section 2(d).
University grants Bank the right to use such approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will
not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such
gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on
behalf of University, a University Affiliate or University for such gifts or premiums. University
waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such
payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will cause the recipient(s) of such
payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party should refuse to reduce
the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the realization of this benefit
by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance payments.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, University acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any
Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products")
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject
to this Agreement; provided, however, that no such contemporaneous marketing may be done in
connection with the Program or in any way that indicates or implies any relationship of the
Program or the University to the marketing of such other Bank Products.. However, Bank agrees
that it shall not, when using University?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products
(excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features
and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g,
Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a
result of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits
ora Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be
subject to the Agreement.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

University and Bank each represents and warrants to the other party that as of the Effective Date
and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) | This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be

Page 6 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
