Florida International University campus e-mail address; or (y) any information about persons who
are police officers.

5. Section 1(f) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
new Section 1(f):

(f) "Member" means: a student of Florida International University ("Student Members"), alumni of
Florida International University, a member of the Florida International University Alumni Association
("FIUAA"), faculty and staff of Florida International University, ticket holders of any Florida
International University athletic team or athletic department and/or other potential participants mutually
agreed to by FIUF and MBNA America ("Non-Student Members").

6. Section | of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new subsections (m), (n),
and (0):

(m) ?Reward Credit Card Account? means a credit card carrying the Reward
Enhancement and opened pursuant to the Program.

(n) ?Reward Enhancement? means the Credit Card Account enhancement as
provided through MBNA America and offered as part of the Program for Reward Credit
Card Accounts.

(0) ?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Credit Card Account opened by a
person pursuant to a GIP in which FIUF complies with the GIP provisions of the
Agreement.

7. The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following to the end of Section 2(a):

This Agreement does not preclude the University Credit Union (?Credit Union?) from offering
Financial Service Products to Members provided that: (1) the Financial Service Products offered
by the Credit Union and the advertisements and solicitations for such Financial Service Products
do not utilize or bear a Trademark; and (2) FIUF shall not provide Mailing Lists to the Credit
Union for the purpose of enabling the Credit Union to solicit Members for Financial Service
Products.

8. Section 2(c) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
new Section 2(c):

(c) MBNA America is authorized to solicit the Members by mail, e-mail, direct
_ promotion, Internet (e.g., banner advertisements and advertisements described in Section
2(h) below), advertisements and/or telephone for participation in the Program.

9. Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new subsections (h) and
(i:

(h) MBNA America shall be allowed the opportunity to advertise the Program on prominent
locations within Florida International's home page and Florida International's athletic home page.
MBNA America may establish a ?hot-link? from such advertisements to another Internet site to
enable a person to apply for a Credit Card Account. FIUF shall modify or remove such
advertisements from the Internet site within twenty-four (24) hours of MBNA America?s request.
