(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term, and during the period that CAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, CAA represents and warrants to Bank that CAA has the
right and power to license CAA Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as
contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the
Program. CAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective
Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action,
and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including
reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as
the case may be, from Bank's use of the CAA Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon
or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the
other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any CAA
Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, CAA represents and warrants that neither it
nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is CAA or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. CAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. CAA represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to CAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to CAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form)
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise
provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify CAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
CAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,

-12-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
