10.

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, UCIAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card
products offered under the Program; provided UCIAA pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses
associated with such efforts; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall
qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). UCIAA will design
and produce, at its expense, all marketing materia! with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. UCIAA
will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by UCIAA as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UCIAA to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of
marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such
coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UCIAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. UCIAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by UCIAA
upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, UCIAA will comply with all Applicable Law, and
Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) UCIAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UCIAA?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UCIAA as the parties shall

-15-

Draft - University of California irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28

