e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, JMG will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) and operational systems. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates. Bank will not assign or transfer
its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of JMG; provided
however, that Bank may assign or transfer, without consent, any of its rights and/or obligations under
this Agreement:

(i) to any Bank Affiliate, which can fully perform such obligations;

(ii) to any Person(s) pursuant to a sale(s) (other than a sale as described in Clause (iii),
below) as long as such prospective buyer(s) has/have substantially similar customer satisfaction
standards as Bank; or,

(iii) to any Person(s) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale(s) of all or substantially
all the assets of Bank.

(h) lf, during the Term of this Agreement, the right of JMG to market sponsorships on behalf of
UGAA expires or terminates, then this Agreement will automatically terminate upon written notice to
Bank.

(i) The Parties acknowledge that: (i) UGAA and University are entitled to enforce their respective
rights in the UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks; (ii) UGAA and University each have the right,
in their sole discretion, to initiate and prosecute lawsuits or claims against third parties for violation of
their respective rights in the UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks; and (iii) all sums recovered
in any such lawsuits or claims, whether by judgment, settlement, or otherwise, will be retained by UGAA
and/or the University, as applicable. Bank shall timely notify JMG of any potential trademark violations
concerning the UGAA Trademarks or University Trademarks but is under no additional obligation in this
Agreement to aid or facilitate UGAA or University in any lawsuit or claim asserting their respective rights
in the UGAA Trademarks or University Trademarks.

(j) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
No Party shall have the power to obligate or bind any other Party in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(k) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this

Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.
