(g)

(h)

be

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

To the extent provided herein, UCFF hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited
license to use the UCFF Trademarks for promoting and servicing the Program. This
license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for
the duration of this Agreement and will apply to the UCFF Trademarks, notwithstanding
the transfer of such UCFF Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UCFF will arrange to provide Bank
all UCFF Trademark production materials (?.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for
the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after UCFF?s execution
of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UCFF, the University. or
its Affiliates, from granting to other persons a license to use the UCFF Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except as provided herein.
For purposes of clarification, the Deposit Program has not been and is not exclusive.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or
contain an UCFF Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this
Section 2(h). UCFF may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the
Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program. UCFF shall not
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt
to register any UCFF Trademark or any Program Trademark that contains any portion of
a UCFF Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain UCFF Trademarks
to promote or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through
the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, market. implement, monitor, report and administer
the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the
Program except for materials used in any UCFF contact effort. Bank will review and
approve all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be arranged to be
developed by or on behalf of UCFF. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for
materials used in any UCFF contact effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions in a manner consistent with the remainder of its
business, and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's account(s)
independently of UCFF.

Bank will use the Member Contact Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement solely for
the benefit of the Program in a manner consistent with this Agreement and will not
permit those entities handling the Member Contact Lists to use them for any other
purpose. Bank will have the sole right to lawfully designate Members on these Member

Page 6 of 20
