or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a Party or its Affiliates has any rights
(including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(k) Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such delay
or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules,
regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or other
similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without the
fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The non-
delayed Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures
for more than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by the delayed Party within 10 days after the expiration of
the 120 day period.

(l) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to
accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as
best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that if a
representative of each of the Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and
transmits such Agreement to the other Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted
portable document format, the Agreement shall be treated in all manner and respects as having an
original signature (or counterpart thereof) and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects
as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of a Party, each other
Party hereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall
raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic signature or electronic transmission in portable document
format or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of facsimile
machine or electronic transmission in portable document format as a defense to this Agreement and
each such Person forever waives any such defense. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(m) This Agreement is the product of negotiations between the Parties hereto and their respective counsel.
No provision, Section or Subsection of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted for or
against either Party by reason of ambiguity of language, rule of construction against the draftsman, or
any similar doctrine.

(n) GAA agrees to cooperate with (and to cause each GAA subcontractor, and its and their respective
Representatives, to cooperate with) each Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over Bank in
connection with any examination or other supervisory activity by such Governmental Authority. The
provisions of this Subsection shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(o) Neither any submission of this document by one Party to the other, nor any correspondence or other
communications between the Parties in connection therewith, is intended or shall be deemed to
constitute an offer of any kind or to create any obligations between the Parties unless and until one or
more duplicates of this document has been fully executed and delivered between the Parties hereto,

14

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
