(a)

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which CAA complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial
Service Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either party during the term
of this Agreement and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through
the Program. Program Trademarks cannot consist of a CAA Trademark, with or without other
elements, unless approved by CAA in writing pursuant to Section 2(d).

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as
part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World

Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which CAA
complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF CAA

CAA agrees (only for the Columbia Alumni Association) that, during the term of this Agreement
it will endorse the Program exclusively and that CAA will not, by itself or in conjunction with
others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for
programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or
use or allow to exist the use by others of the CAA Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or
information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if CAA sells any product or service,
in connection with such sales, CAA shall not, favor any payment product or method of payment
over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, CAA may accept print advertising from any
financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by CAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

Page 3 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
