about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank. In addition, if AAAI or any AAAI Affiliate sells any product or service, in
connection with such sales, AAAI shall not, and shall cause AAAI Affiliates not to, favor any payment
product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the
Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, AAAI may accept print or on-
line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by AAAI of said financial institution
or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(b) AAAI agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) AAAI authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.
Bank shall take reasonable effort to comply with any instruction from AAAI concerning any Member
request to opt-out of future solicitations pursuant to Applicable Law, including Arkansas law.

(d) AAAI shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an AAAI Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the AAAI Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due AAAI. If
such costs exceed Royalties then due AAAI, upon demand AAAI shall promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, AAAI shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that AAAI shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that AAAI not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by AAAI or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due AAAI. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand AAAI shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, AAAI shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred and one thousand (101,000) non-duplicate Member names, as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after AAAI?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery
to Bank, AAAI represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) AAAI shall, and shall cause any AAAI Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to AAAI. Notwithstanding the above, AAAI may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to AAAI. Any correspondence received by AAAI that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by AAAI shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by AAAI that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

7

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
