? r

AMENDMENT TO THE FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY F OUNDATION, INC.,
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE AFFINITY AGREEMENT (this ?First Amendment?) is entered
into this Ist day of September, 2003 by and between the Florida International University Foundation, Inc.
("FIUF"), and MBNA America Bank, N.A. (?MBNA America?), for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, FIUF and MBNA America are parties to an affinity agreement dated August 24, 1998, (the
?Agreement?); and

WHEREAS, FIUF and MBNA America mutually desire to extend the term of the Agreement and modify
the Agreement as provided for herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein, FIUF
and MBNA America agree as follows:

1, The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this First Amendment.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise herein defined are used as defined in the Agreement.

2. The current term of the Agreement is hereby extended to end on December 31, 2008. Thereafter,
the Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the current term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless either party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least
ninety (90) days, but not more than one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the last date of such term or
renewal term, as applicable. This Section shall replace all provisions concerning the term of the
Agreement, the renewal of the Agreement, and all notices required to not renew this Agreement.

3. The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following to the end of Section 1(d):

This definition shall not include (i) unsecured loans whose primary purpose is to consolidate
Student Loans (as hereinafter defined) (e.g, Egrad); (ii) credit cards or charge cards issued to
employees, faculty and staff of FIUF to be used primarily for business purchases and business
expenses, and (iii) the debit card program offered by the Florida International University Credit
Union, provided such debit card program does not include a credit feature. "Student Loan"
means an unsecured loan whose primary purpose was to fund tuition, room and board, fees,
books, and other similar direct educational costs of students.

4, Section 1(e) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following
new Section 1(e):

(e) ?Mailing List? means an updated and current list and/or magnetic tape (in a format
designated by MBNA America) containing names, postal addresses and, when available,
telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of: (i) Student Members; (ii) alumni of Florida
International University; (ii) a member of Florida International University Alumni Association;
(iii) faculty and staff of Florida State University; (iv) season ticket holders to any Florida State
University athletic team; (vi) and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to by FIUF and
MBNA America each of whom are at least eighteen (18) years of age, segmented by zip codes or
reasonably selected membership characteristics. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mailing List
shall not include: (x) any e-mail addresses of Student Members other than such Student Member's

