Information to Bank and/or the proper disposal of information. The provisions of this subsection will
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for the time period described above.

(e) During the Term and thereafter until GAA and its subcontractors and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank's Information GAA will
(and cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank
in writing within twenty four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team
at (800) 207-2377, Option 1 in the event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious
activity relating to an information security breach or attempted breach that could include Information,
whether in GAA?s possession or in the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or
Representative, GAA will cooperate fully {and cause its subcontractor and its and their respective
Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully) with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security
incidents. GAA will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing and mailing any notice required by
Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security breach and will pay for any credit monitoring
service or other remedy that is provided to affected Customers. GAA will monitor (and will cause its
subcontractor and its and their respective Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard
information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security
problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will
mean that GAA will introduce (and cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives
and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after GAA (or its
subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security
problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise GAA?s system (or that of its
subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application software,
databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of GAA?s other Information handling
practices. The provisions of this subsection will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for the time period described above.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{ee

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on March 31, 2024 ("Initial
Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

eo

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the
Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be
made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
(International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

8

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
