(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or
discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use
by others of the BU Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell,
rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank. In addition, if BU or any BU Affiliate sells any product or service, in
connection with such sales, BU shall not, and shall cause BU Affiliates not to, favor any
payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered
under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, BU may
accept print advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not
contain an express or implied endorsemeptphy, BU of said financial institut; v4 rtising for a
Financial Service Product. FIA and Seen lerstand and agree that ?acts with
Liberty Mutual Insurance to provide automobile and home insurance to its members This
Agreement does not preclude BU from providing these products to Members, provided that: (1)
advertisements and solicitations for such products do not utilize or bear a Trademark; and (2)
BU, or any BU Affiliate, shall not provide Mailing Lists to Liberty Mutual Insurance (except to
the extent, if any, required by law).

BU agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested
by Bank in connection with the Program.

BU authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

BU will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials to
be used by Bank that contain a BU Trademark; such approval will not be unreasonably withheld.
or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in the BU Trademarks (e.g.,
the cost of reissuing new credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due BU.
In the event such costs exceed Royalties then due BU, if requested by Bank, BU will promptly
reimburse Bank for all such costs.

Within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, BU will provide Bank with the Marketing
List free of any charge; provided, however, that BU will not include in any Marketing List the
name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that BU not
provide his/her personal information to third parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because
of a charge assessed by BU or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due BU.

BU will, and will cause any BU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to BU.
Notwithstanding the above, BU may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to BU. Any correspondence received by BU that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All
reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by BU will be paid by Bank.

Page 4 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
