AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT (?Amendment?) is entered into as of this 1? day of June, 2017 (?Amendment
Effective Date?) by and between LSU Alumni Association (?LSUAA?) and Bank of America, N.A. (?Bank?,
and together with LSUAA, ?Party? or ?Parties?, for themselves and their respective successors and
assigns.

WHEREAS, LSUAA and Bank are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement dated July 1, 2016, as the same may have been amended (?Agreement?), wherein Bank

provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of LSUAA; and

WHEREAS, LSUAA and Bank mutually desire to amend the Agreement as provided for herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement contained herein, LSUAA
and Bank agree as follows:

a The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Amendment. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to them in the

Agreement.

2. Delete Section F of Schedule A in its entirety and replace it with the following:

?F, ROYALTY GUARANTEE

LSUAA shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount
of the Advances) equal to or greater than one million seventy-five thousand dollars
($1,075,000.00) (the ?Guarantee Amount?) by June 30, 2021, subject to the provisions set forth
below. If on June 30, 2021, LSUAA has not accrued one million seventy-five thousand dollars
($1,075,000.00) in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay LSUAA an amount equal to the Guarantee
Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by LSUAA up to and including June 30, 2021
and all unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any
obligation of Bank hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of
the conditions set forth in Subsection E.1., above.

3. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be
considered an original, and all of which will be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Amendment, contains the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the
matters covered and no other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by
any Party or its employees, officers or agents will be valid and binding.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows]

LSU Alumni Assoc Amendment 2017-05-25

?
5
:
:
:
