(a)

the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section 5(b), such
terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced
in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its
terms are meant to survive the termination of this Agreement and the rights and
obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered
under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such
program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including. without
limitation. changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may, as a benefit
under the Program, be offered opportunities to select ancillary products and services.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary
information provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to. the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not
be disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under
this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and UCFF will be permitted to
disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial advisors, marketing
advisors. affiliates and employees (its ?Agents?) as necessary for the performance of their
respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the Information as confidential
in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any
governmental regulatory authority including the State of Florida. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the party disclosing Information to its Agents shall be liable for any breach of
this Section 7 by their Agents.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on June 30,
2021.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of North
Carolina (without regard to its conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for all
purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Bank or UCFF, the other party
may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to the breaching party. This

Page 9 of 20
