(b) MAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) MAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d

MAA shall have the right of prior approval of the use of a MAA Trademark or University Trademark in
Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a MAA Trademark or
University Trademark; such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If the Bank incurs a
cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in MAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such
costs from any Royalties due MAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due MAA, if requested by Bank,
MAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

z=

At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, MAA shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that MAA shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that MAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of
eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because ofa
charge assessed by MAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List,
Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due MAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due MAA, if
requested by Bank, MAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. MAA shall provide the first
Marketing List, containing the required information for at least twenty thousand (20,000) non-duplicate
Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after MAA?s execution of this Agreement.
With each delivery to Bank, MAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in.
accordance with Applicable Law, including but not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f

MAA shall, and shall cause any MAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise communicate
with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for
current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to MAA. Notwithstanding the above,
MAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis,
provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by
Bank to MAA. Any correspondence received by MAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications,
payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by MAA shall be paid by
Bank.

&

MAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use MAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This
license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to MAA Trademarks and
University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks
by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual.
MAA shall provide Bank all MAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
MAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits MAA from granting to
other persons a license to use MAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the
providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. MAA represents,
warrants and covenants to Bank that it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use
as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPyY).DOCx
