11.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all materials to be used in any Program Awareness
Effort. Bank will have the right of prior approval over the commencement, scope, timing, and content of
any Program Awareness Effort, provided that Bank shall have the sole right to discontinue at any time
any aspect of a previously approved Program Awareness Effort. In furtherance of the above, GUAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Program Awareness Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with,
any written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. GUAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Program Awareness Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Program
Awareness Effort or of supporting any Program Awareness Effort at GUAA?s request will be promptly
reimbursed by GUAA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Program Awareness Effort, GUAA will comply, and cause its Subcontractors
and their respective representatives to comply, with all Applicable Laws, and Bank?s instruction and
Training.

(f) GUAA will provide descriptions of all the products offered under the Program on GUAA?s home
page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of GUAA as
the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at GUAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each
such Program description to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone
number in each such Program description, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial
Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number
will entitle GUAA to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. GUAA will modify or remove such Program descriptions within twenty-
four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, GUAA will provide Bank
with the ability (including unique login credentials) to access any and all pages within the GUAA internet:
site(s), including any ?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, GUAA agrees to conduct, at its own expense,
Program Awareness Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) providing online
descriptions of the Program for its Members, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits
application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), (ii) providing online descriptions of
the Program for its Members in standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital
magazines; and (iii) offline Program description and acknowledgment efforts, including either making
Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s) available to Members
through descriptions in publications, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member
directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU
messaging.

{h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a) (n the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of
notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the
Cure Period.

-15-
