12.

MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block? identifying
the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided, however that
changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as provided below in
Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the entire agreement of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s), merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any
prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations, understandings, and agreements
between any of the Parties (including the Previous Agreement except as expressly provided herein), whether
oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed
as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether
of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or
delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be
construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or
privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 12(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(d) Titles, captions, and headings included herein are for convenience of reference only and are not to
affect the meaning, construction, or interpretation hereof or of any provision hereof.

(e) It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest
extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is
sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by a court of competent
jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any reason, such provision,
as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly
drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
so narrowly drawn, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(f) All notices required by this Agreement must be given in writing in order to be valid. Notices shall be
deemed given: (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery or facsimile; (ii) 1 business day after sending prepaid by
nationally or internationally recognized overnight or express courier or service; (iii) 3 business days after mailing
by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (iv) at the time that notice of
receipt is generated electronically as a result of the recipient opening the email (i.e., read request
receipt, which some recipients might be able to prevent) or at the time that the sender can
demonstrate electronically that the email has been delivered (i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or
at such other time as the recipient acknowledges receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all
notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to The Association:

-18-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
