of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties and/or Advance
payments.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, GAA acknowledges and agrees
that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously
with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement.
However, when using GAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank
Products (excluding Deposits Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an
outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless GAA consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for
such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all
other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking
and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All
such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
(a) GAA and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection
with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been
obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that GAA Trademarks remain in use
hereunder, GAA represents and warrants to Bank that GAA has the right and power to license GAA
Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to
Bank for the promotion of the Program. GAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its
Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and assigns, from and
against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in
connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license
or sublicense, as the case may be, granted herein, from Bank's use of the GAA Trademarks in reliance
thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly
notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or sublicense, as
the case may be, or the use of any GAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection
4(b) shail survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hitl Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21

