(g) AAAI hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the AAAI
Trademarks solely for the purposes of the Program and, subject AAAI?s right of approval set forth in
Section 2(d). This license transfers to the authorized assignee of this Agreement, provided that assignee
agrees to accept all obligations established under this Agreement. AAAI has no right or authority to use,
authorize or limit use, or otherwise covey any right, title or interest in any University Trademarks other
than the AAAI Trademarks specifically identified in Schedule C attached to this Agreement. This license
shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the
AAAI Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such AAAI Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. AAAI shall provide Bank
all AAAI Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after AAAI?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in
this Agreement prohibits AAAI from granting to other persons a license to use the AAAI Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, AAAI represents, warrants
and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(h) The parties shall not create any unitary or derivative marks utilizing the AAAI Trademarks. All
Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain an AAAI
Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank.
AAAI may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any
Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through
the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. AAAI shall not (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, AAAI shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of AAAI (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, AAAI shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain AAAI Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis AAAI shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, AAAI
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing AAAI Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by AAAI, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to
the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, AAAI agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. AAAI grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitorand

8

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
