its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30
days of written notice to UICA shall be deemed a material breach by UICA of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a
period of two years.

(I) UICA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to UICA Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing
by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of
7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to UICA?s Members
other than applicants to the Program or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and
not associated with UICA Activities. UICA will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental
Authority for Bank?s Information within UICA?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, UICA shall reasonably
cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of
the Wind-Down Period.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of UICA or otherwise made
available to UICA and requested in writing by Bank, UICA will promptly deliver to Bank at UICA? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering UICA?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing UICA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type Il Audit Report (or any successor or replacement
reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the 15027000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). UICA will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors,
their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition
to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) UICA acknowledges that Bank has directed UICA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and UICA
has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

{b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
UICA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UICA.

-12-

FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF [OWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._-DOCX
