10. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by MBNA America or SLU, the other party
may terminate this Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching party. This notice shall
(i) describe the material breach; and (ii) state the party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the
breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) days after receipt of notice, as
provided herein (the "Cure Period"), then this Agreement shall terminate sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either MBNA America or SLU becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, or is
adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the
other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon termination of this Agreement, MBNA America shall, in a manner consistent with Section 10(d)
of this Agreement, cease to use the Trademarks. MBNA America agrees that upon such termination it will not
claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this
Agreement. However, MBNA America may conclude all solicitation that is required by law.

(d) MBNA America shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with,
relating or referring to the termination of this Agreement to be communicated by SLU to the Members. Such
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Upon termination of this Agreement, SLU shall not attempt to
cause the removal of SLU's identification or Trademarks from any person's credit devices, checks or records of
any Customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents of
both parties hereto.

(b) The obligations in Sections 4(b), 7, 10(c), and 10(d) shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of
such right or any other rights.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of
this Agreement.

(e) If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the
remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had
not been contained herein.

sof ll
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
