SCHEDULE B

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the term of this Agreement, MBNA America will pay SLU a Royalty calculated as follows, for those
accounts with active charging privileges. All Royalty payments due hereunder are subject to adjustment by
MBNA America for any prior overpayment of Royalties by MBNA America:

A. CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

1,

$1.00 (one dollar) for each new Credit Card Account opened, which remains open for at least
ninety (90) consecutive days.

$1.00 (one dollar) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid. Ifno
annual fee is assessed by MBNA America (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by
MBNA America), then such royalty will be paid for each Credit Card Account which: 1) has
a balance greater than zero as of the last business day of every twelfth month after the
opening of that Credit Card Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the
preceding twelve months.

0.50% (one half of one percent) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated
by Non Student Customers using a Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions that
relate to refunds, returns and unauthorized transactions).]

0.40% (forty one hundredths of one percent) of all retail purchase transaction dollar volume
generated by Student Customers using a Credit Card Account (excluding those transactions
that relate to refunds, returns and unauthorized transactions).

2% (two percent) of phone transaction dollar volume (excluding phone transactions that relate
to refunds and unauthorized calls) made through the long distance calling card service and
residential phone service benefits by Customers who have a Credit Card Account. NOTE:
Phone transactions will not qualify for any other transaction-based royalty.

B. PLUS MILES CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

1

PRIVATE:S:SLU4

$1.00 (one dollar) for each new Plus Miles Credit Card Account opened, which remains open
for at least ninety (90) consecutive days This Royalty will not be paid for any Credit Card
Account which, after opening, converts to a Plus Miles Credit Card Account.

$12.00 (twelve dollars) for each Plus Miles Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is
paid by the Customer. If no annual fee is assessed by MBNA America (other than as a result
of a courtesy waiver by MBNA America), then such royalty will be paid for each Plus Miles
Credit Card Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last business day of
the annual anniversary of the month in which the Plus Miles Credit Card Account was
opened; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve months. A
Plus Miles Credit Card Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening

of the account.

10 of 11
