? any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision means such statute or statutory
provision as it has been amended through the date as of which the particular portion of this Agreement is to
take effect, or to any successor statute or statutory provision relating to the same subject as the statutory
provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

. unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this Agreement
to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or exhibits, renewals,
extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement, instrument or document;

. references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the
close of business on such day;

. any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be due on
the first Business Day thereafter;

. References to money or dollar amounts (?S$?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise specified;

? A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

? accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles;

? terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning, and those

terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall be interpreted in
accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other business contexts; and,

? when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or
step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be
excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ASSOCIATION

(a)(1) The Association agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither The
Association nor any Association Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i)
endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii)
license, allow others controlled by The Association to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of The
Association Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products
(or the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others controlled by The Association to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its
marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if The Association or any
Association Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, The Association shall not, and
shall cause Association Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment
product or method of payment offered under the Program.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the last 270 days of the Term, The Association may directly solicit
proposals and bids for financial service programs from Persons other than Bank provided that no agreement for
a financial service program from a Person other than Bank shall take effect prior to the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, The Association may accept print or on-line
(including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not
contain an express or implied endorsement by The Association of said financial institution or advertising for a
Financial Service Product.

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
