marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which WFU complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services. and the promotion thereof, of the Financial
Service Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design. image. visual representation, logo, service mark.
trade dress, trade name. or trademark developed either jointly or by either party (including its
Affiliates) during the term of this Agreement and used to promote or identify products or
services offered by Bank through the Program. Program Trademarks may but need not
necessarily consist of a WFU Trademark, with or without other elements.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as
part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World
Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which WFU
complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Schedule A.

?WEU Affiliate? means any entity or organization directly or indirectly controlled by, or under
common control with WFU. The term ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?WFU Trademarks? means any design. image. visual representation (including any font), logo.
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by WFU or any WFU
Affiliate prior to or during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF WFU

(a) WFU agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the Program exclusively and
that neither WFU nor any WFU Affiliate will. by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or
discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank: (ii) license. allow others to license. or use or allow to exist the use
by others of the WFU Trademarks for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or information about any current or potential
Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than

Page 3 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
