ROYALTY AGREEMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL FLORIDA
ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1? day of July, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between Bank of America, N. A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, N.A.), a
national banking association having its principal place of business in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and University of Central Florida Foundation, Inc. on behalf of itself and University of
Central Florida Alumni Association having its principal place of business at Fairwinds Alumni
Center, Orlando, Florida (?UCFF?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS. UCFF and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement entered into as of July 1, 2007, which has been performed by both parties up to the
most recent version of this draft, as the same may have been amended (?Original Agreement?),
wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain protected
lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of UCFF: and

WHEREAS. UCF and Bank have a longstanding relationship dating back to in or about
1992; and

WHEREAS, UCFF and its affiliates University of Central Florida (the ?University??).
which includes any and all of its departments (??UCF?) and its affiliates own intellectual property
in the form of its name, motto, trademarks, logotypes. images, and alumni and membership
contact lists, among other items, (?UCF IP?): and

WHEREAS. for the support of its activities UCFF seeks to gain royalties from licensing
the use of UCF IP to independent providers of goods and services to UCFF members. potential
members, and supporters; and

WHEREAS, in the support of UCFF purpose of keeping the University alumni connected
to their alma mater, UCFF further seeks to make reasonable use of the UCF IP in reaching out to
members across the country in ways that will be of interest to them and will promote their
continued positive identification with the University and UCFF; and

WHEREAS, Bank is willing to provide, in return for fair compensation, services to
UCFF in support of these endeavors; and

WHEREAS, UCFF arranges for marketing material review in connection with these
programs in order to evaluate the quality of information made available to alumni; and

WHEREAS, UCFF desires to arrange for services and benefits to its members and
constituents in support of the University in return for a royalty payment by Bank: and

WHEREAS, UCFF and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original
Agreement.

Page 1 of 20
