(b) NU agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) NU authorizes Bank to solicit Members as described in Section 10 or other means agreed to in
writing by the parties for participation in the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no case shall
Bank target market NU students for participation in the Credit Card Program during the Term. However,
nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Bank from fulfilling a NU student?s unsolicited request
for a Financial Service Product that is offered under the Program.

(d) NU shall have the right of prior approval in writing of the depiction of a NU Trademark in
Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the
cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the NU Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due NU. If
such costs exceed Royalties then due NU, upon demand NU shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such
costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, NU shall provide Bank or Bank?s
third-party designee with its entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided,
however, that NU shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding
any Member who has expressly requested that NU not provide his/her personal information to third
parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that
Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by NU or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an
update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then
due NU. If such costs exceed such payments, upon demand NU shall promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, NU shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the
required information for at least one hundred thousand (100,000) non-duplicate Member names, as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after NU?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank or Bank?s designee, NU represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in
accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA. All Marketing Lists shall be used only
as expressly authorized in this Agreement.

(f) NU shall, and shall cause any NU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to NU. Notwithstanding the above, NU may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to NU. Any correspondence received by NU that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by NU shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by NU that are intended for
Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) NU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the NU Trademarks
with the Program and, subject NU?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with
all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall
remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the NU
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such NU Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. NU shall provide Bank all NU
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soonas

-7-
