09/02/2016 17:08 FAX an ?

Throughout the term of this Agreem

U-M_OGE (030/033

SCHEDULE C

DESCRIPTION OF AAUM AND UNIVERSITY MARKETING COMMITMENTS

ent, AAUM and University agree to provide, engage in, and make

otherwise available to Bank the following marketing activities, marketing services and marketing
inventory to promote the Program and products included in the Royalty Arrangement in Schedule A.

AAUM and University are under no

obligation to promote any other specific product or service of Bank

or its Affiliates not included in Schedule A. The parties agree that minor ohanges to the elements

outlined in this Schedule C may be
annual ?AAUM Marketing Plan? du
to this Agreement to be executed by

A.

ing the term of this Agreement without requiring new Addendums
? parties.

ae by mutual consent and documented in writing in the form of an

AAUM MARKETING COMMITMENTS

Dedicated e-mails two (2) times per Contract Year

Banner ad in Member
Banner ad in program

Full page advertiseme:

(eTB) Newsletter six (6) times per Contract Year
area e-mails six (6) times per Contract Year

tin Alumni Magazine quarterly

1

2

3.

4. Bowl Tour ? flyers nn in travel packets
5

6

Banner advertisement?

7. Credit Card Program i

on key AAUM webpages (Membership, Shopping Cart, Financial

the lead card offer in drop down meny on transactional pages

Services, Sports, are Tailgate, Basketball - permanent placement

(Membership, Cedar P'

int, Event Registration, Shopping Cart) ? permanent placement

&, Financial Services page ? permanent placement

UNIVERSITY ATHLETICS MARKETING COMMITMENTS

1. The Donor Magazine,

4 quarterly publication mailed to the top donors to University

athletics and past letter}winners, currently in excess of thirty thousand (30,000) - four (4)

full page color

2, Digital Football Guide,|a weekly digital football game program circulated via digital

(a) Football - adv

media to over one millipe five hundred thousand (1,500,000) people:

isement (top banner, editorial content within body and end

banner advertisement) wil] appear in one (1) e-mail alert per Contract Year

(b) Basketball ? advertisement (top banner, editorial content within body and end
banner advertisement) will appear in two (2) e-mail alerts per Contract Year

(c) Hockey - advertisement (top banner, editorial content within body and end banner

advertisement)

Two (2) complement

11 appear in two (2) e-mail alerts per Contract Year
isement (top banner, editorial content within body and end
ent) will appear in four (4) e-mail alerts per Contract Year
tickets to all University home football games

tickets to all University home men?s basketball games
tickets to one (1) University away football game

Other limited communigations, as mutually agreed upon each Contract Year

Page 29 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

