?IUAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of IUAA or its Affiliates and
any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by IUAA or any IUAA
Affiliate prior to or during the Term and provided by IUAA to Bank prior to or during the Term of this
Agreement.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age (except
twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip codes or
other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means (i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of IUAA, (iii) faculty and staff of the University,
(iv) and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to by IUAA and Bank prior to and during the Term
of this Agreement.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1) and
includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, (b) any record
about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15
USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or otherwise possessed by
or on behalf of the Bank, and (c) Accountholder Information including a compilation of such records; all
of which is the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or other
grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any
personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the fact that such
consumers are or were Customers.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other business
entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).
?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.
?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank and

offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g.,
Bank of America Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.
