(e} At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, GW shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that GW shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that GW not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a required charge assessed by GW or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to
the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due GW. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand GW shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, GW shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred ninety thousand (190,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon
as possible but no later than 30 days after GW?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to
Bank, GW represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) GW shall, and shall cause any GW Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to GW. Notwithstanding the above, GW may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to GW. Any correspondence received by GW that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by GW shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by GW that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) GW hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the GW Trademarks
with the Program and, subject GW?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with
all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall
remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the GW
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such GW Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. GW shall provide Bank all GW
Trademark production materials {e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after GW?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits GW from granting to other persons a license to use the GW Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, GW represents, warrants
and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(h} All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
GW Trademark with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. GW may not (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. GW shall not {and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

Revise GW Contract (002).p0cx
