?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority
includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency oF commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information.

?impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in 5(b).
?MAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of MAA.
?MAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?MAA Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by MAA (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including its and their respective
Representatives) pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including MAA
Marketing Efforts).

?MAA Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by MAA or any MAA Affiliate prior to or
during the Term.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members other than student Members who are at
least eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership
characteristics.

?Member? means (i) alumni of the University, (ii) members of MAA, (iii) friends, faculty and staff of the
University, (iv) fans, ticket holders, donors and contributors of any University athletic team or athletic
department, (v) students of University and or (vi) other potential participants mutually agreed to by
MAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time, the aggregate net retail purchase transactions (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, but excluding (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns
and/or unauthorized transactions, (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, or casino gaming chips), (iii) taxes, shipping and handling costs,
and/or (iv) Credit Card Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late
fees, overlimit fees, annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance
premiums, debt cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions).

3

UNIVERSITY OF MIsSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy).DOCx
