ig)

WW,
(a)

(b)

(c)

(a)

(e)

C3)

Agreement without forther obli

rr

93/02/2016 17:03 Fax ?oS

U-M_Ope
0167033

tion or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to AAUM

If ordered or requested to do oH any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this

effective as of the date specifi

GROUP MARKETING

AAUM and University will
with regard to any Program mi
including, but not limited to,
sixty (60) days prior notice pri

in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

gn and produce, at AAUM's expense, all marketing material
eting efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by AAUM,
GIP (?AAUM Marketing Effort?). AAUM will give Bank

to engaging in any AAUM Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials wil be coded by AAUM as instructed by Bank for tracking

purposes. Credit Card Accoun
GIP specified in Schedule A,
Notwithstanding the above, m
do not contain or reference suc

s generated from any GIP will entitle AAUM to the Royalty for
bject to the ather tenns and conditions of this Agreement.

eting materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which
coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty,

Bank will have the right of pridr approval of all marketing materials to be used in any AAUM
Marketing Effort. Bank has dee over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and

continuation of any AAUM M|
University shal) immediately

and University will not deviat

?keting Effort. In furtherance of the above, AAUM and

iscontinue any or ail AAUM Marketing Efforts upon receipt of,

from the approved materials and plan for any AAUM Marketing

and in accordance with, the in notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. AAUM

Effort without the prior wri

approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any AAUM

Marketing Effort or of suppo
AAUM upon demand,

ing any AAUM Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by

Bank, AAUM and University|will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation,
the Truth in Lending Act, the/Truth in Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with

respect to its respective perfo;
to al) products and services 0:
marketing efforts resulting

account profile pages and su

ance under this Agreement and, in the case of Bank, with regard

?ered by Bank to any customer as a direct or indirect result of the
m this Agreement.

other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of AAUM as

AAUM will advertise all ota offered under the Program on AAUM?s home page,

the parties shall mutually

from each such advertisem:
telephone number in each sukh
Financial Service Product.
telephone number will entitl

upon, all at AAUM?s expense. Bank may establish 3 hyperlink

t to another internet site (an application site}, or may provide a

advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised

ry Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or
AAUM to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject

to the other tetmis and conditions of this Agreement. AAUM will modify or remove such

advertisements within twen'
Program material, AAUM
the AAUM intemet site(s),

four (24) hours of Bank?s request, To enable Bank to view all
ill provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages within
including without limitation any ?members only? ot other restricted

access pages that display Prpgram material.

Page 14 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

