(i} Within 24 hours of receipt, UICA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of UICA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, UICA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j{1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain UICA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis UICA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, UICA shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing UICA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by
UICA, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, UICA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. UICA grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of UICA, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) UICA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
UICA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. UICA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all UICA Activities, whether performed by UICA or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). UICA shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of UICA?s obligation under this Agreement, including the
UICA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, UICA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of UICA and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to UICA?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, UICA Activities, and performance of
UICA?s duties and obligations hereunder (including UICA Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to UICA?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). The scope of
such audits, tests, or inspections shall be commercially reasonable, provided that Bank is able to fully
complete such audits, tests, or inspections as provided for under Applicable Law. The Parties shall
mutually determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such
date is within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. UICA shall promptly remediate and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found
with respect to compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or
inspections. UICA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause

-11-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE,._.DOCX
