10 The third sentence in Section 10(e) is hereby amended by replacing reference to Section 12(b)
with reference to Section 11(b).

11. The first paragraph of Section E.1 of Schedule A is hereby amended to include ?and 2020?
immediately following ?2019.?

12. Effective July 1, 2014, Section E.1, E.2 and F of Schedule A is hereby amended by replacing any
and all references to ?Royalties? with ?Eligible Royalties.?

13. Section F of Schedule A is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence.

14. Except as amended by this Addendum, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any
inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this Addendum.
Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through Bank?s
affiliates, Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as amended by
this Addendum, shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of North Carolina and shall be
deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina.

15. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered and no other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by any party
or its employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto, by its representative, has executed this Addendum as of
the Addendum Effective Date, and such party and its representative warrant that such representative is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Addendum for and on behalf of such party.

University of Central Florida Foundation, Incorporated Bank of America, N.A.
on behalf of itself and the University of Central
Florida Alun Association

By: f By:
Name: Ben McMahan Name: Jake Frege
Title: COO Title: Ska ter Vice Pees: dest

