?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP
in which UDAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial
Service Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party {including its
Affiliates) during the Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank
through the Program. Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or
more UDAA Trademarks or University Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account or Premium Reward
GIP Account as of the date such account becomes an Activated Account.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of
such Person (and, in the case of UDAA, any University employee providing dedicated services to
or on behalf of UDAA and any alumni volunteers). In the case of a partnership, Representative
also includes general and limited partners thereof. In the case of a limited liability company or
corporation, Representative also includes members of such company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered
as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World

Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UDAA
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection &({b).
?UDAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of UDAA.

?UDAA Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy}
