injunctions, judgments, orders, consent decree, determinations or findings of, or agreements with, any
arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which
such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in effect from time to time; provided, that, with
respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in the manner implemented by Bank from
time to time in the exercise of its reasonable judgment and consistently applied across its US retail
consumer credit card programs.

?AU Affiliate? means any Affiliate of AU, but specifically excluding Auburn University at Montgomery
and Auburn University?s Athletics Multimedia Rights Partner (currently Auburn Sports Properties / Fox
Sports).

?AU Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by AU (including such services further
delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives) pursuant
to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts ).

?AU Marketing Channels? means digital channels, AU events and print.

?AU Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of AU or its Affiliates and
any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by AU or any AU

Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are
authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an
individual (including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or
communicates suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s
personal experience with any aspect of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program
and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Schedule A, except
those Royalties described in Section A.4, B.4, and C.4 of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
