?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
IUAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service
Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program. Program
Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more IUAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. In the case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., Cash Rewards?), as

determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which IUAA complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of IUAA) to whom IUAA has, directly or
indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of activities comprising,
in whole or in part, IUAA Activities. ?Subcontractor? includes a Subcontractor of a Subcontractor.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8(b).

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(j)(1).

?University? means Indiana University and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated with,
Indiana University, including, but not limited to the athletic department and the office of student affairs
of Indiana University.

?University Trademarks? means the Indiana University name, |.U., and Interlocking Block IU logo, IUPUI
wordmark, Jaghead logo, as well as any other design, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the

Term.

Rules of Construction and Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules apply:

. the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;
. ?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the context;

-5-
