Agreement, Bank shall have until the later of (i) 90 days from the termination or expiration date or (ii) as
soon as operationally reasonable by the Bank to: (x) suspend marketing and remove marketing materials
from Bank?s marketing channels; (y) use ACS Trademarks in connection with existing Credit Card
Accounts and those opened during such period; and, (z) remove ACS Trademarks from Program
collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as statements, welcome packages, and card
carriers. ACS shall not attempt to cause the removal of ACS Trademarks from any Person?s credit
devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of the day 90 days immediately
following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have the right to use ACS
Trademarks on such credit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled reissue date or
exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing ACS Trademarks until such date. The provisions of this
Subsection 11(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) {f Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify ACS in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms
of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after ACS?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both
Parties, Bank shail have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability
to ACS, upon 90 days advance written notice.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, ACS agrees that neither ACS nor any ACS Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ACS may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by ACS, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to ACS effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

(h) On or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, ACS agrees that it shall
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to): (i) immediately destroy and
purge from all its systems all information, including Nonpublic Personal [nformation; and (ii) return or
destroy within 30 days all such Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial
copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. ACS shail (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to) destroy all Information in accordance with
Bank's then-current destruction policy. ACS shall have the right to retain a copy of information of Bank
only to the extent required by Applicable Law provided that such retention is in accordance with and
continues to be subject to the terms and conditions herein contained.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a} This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature

~16-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American Chemical Society
Affinity Agreement {BANA Legal) 2018-08 43
