has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing
sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
an Association Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank. Association may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or
services offered by Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement.
Association shall not {and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to)
register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, Association shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to-Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of Association (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent
reasonably requested, Association shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer
Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j)(1)_ From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain Association Activities conducted in furtherance of or related
to the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis Association shall and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon
Bank?s request, Association shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to cease performing Association Activities if Training, as initially or
periodically required thereafter, is not completed by Association, such Subcontractor (and their
respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, Association agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations,
responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing.
Association grants (and to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank
the right to monitor and review such compliance on the part of Association, its Subcontractors (and its
and their respective Representatives).

(3) Association shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
provide Association Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable
Law, the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. Association shall be responsible for the full,
faithful, complete, accurate and timely performance of all Association Activities, whether performed by
Association or any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). Association shall be liable
to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in
connection with the performance or failure to properly perform any of Association?s obligation under
this Agreement, including the Association Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, Association shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of Association and Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) with respect to Association?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their

-8-
