Second Amendment to the
Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
i
This amendment ("Amendment") is entered into as of this (3 day of January, 2020 (the
"Effective Date") by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office
in Wilmington, Delaware ("Bank"), and Fordham University, an educational institution having its
principal place of business in Bronx, New York ("Fordham", and collectively with Bank, "Party" or
"Parties"), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank are parties to the Second Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement dated February 1, 2016 (?Agreement?), as has been amended from time to time, wherein
Bank provides certain financial services to Persons Included in lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of
Fordham; and

WHEREAS, Fordham and Bank mutually desire to amend the Agreement as provided herein;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
Fordham and Bank agree as follows:

1. The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed part of this Amendment.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Agreement.

z Section 1 is hereby amended to add the following new definitions:

?Subcontractor? means each Person (including an Affiliate of Fordham) to whom Fordham has,
directly or indirectly delegated or subcontracted or who has undertaken all or any portion of
activities comprising, in whole or in part, Fordham Services. ?Subcontractor? includes a
Subcontractor of a Subcontractor, and includes any use of the term ?subcontractor? in the
Agreement, whether capitalized or not.

?Training? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 2(m).
Bi Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new subsections:

(m)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding
Applicable Law as applied to Bank concerning certain Fordham Services conducted in
furtherance of or related to the Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis Fordham
shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to successfully
complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, Fordham shall cease to perform, and shall cause
any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing Fordham
Services if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by Fordham,
such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, Fordham agrees to affirm (and to cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the
obligations, responsibilities, representations and warranties under this Agreement (including
