Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to UCLAAA, upon 90 days advance written notice.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated
program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null
and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(f} For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, UCLAAA agrees that neither UCLAAA nor any UCLAAA Affiliate shall, by itself
or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a
related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UCLAAA may, after
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program that includes credit card programs,
charge card programs or debit card programs, endorsed by UCLAAA, provided the Opportunity is not
only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11{f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement

without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to UCLAAA effective as of the date
specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.
12. MISCELLANEOUS

(a

This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,
however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as
provided below in section 12(f).

(b) This Agreement: (i) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect of the subject matter hereof and thereof; (ii) collectively constitute the entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; and (iii) supersede,
merge, and integrate herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations,
understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Original Agreement). This
Agreement does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other
agreement between the Parties that survives the expiration or earlier termination of that agreement.

(c

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed
as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver,
whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure
to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement
shail operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 12(c) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

Final Execunion Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Aftinily Acreement (2)
