business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
Alumni Association complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of those Financial Service
Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more Alumni Association
Trademarks or University Trademarks, with or without other elements.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account or Premium Reward GIP
Account as of the date such account becomes an Activated Account.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person. Inthe case of a partnership, Representative also includes general and limited partners thereof.
In the case of a limited liability company or corporation, Representative also includes members of such
company or corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.
?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as

determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Alumni Association
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in Schedule A.

?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 8.

?University? means Clemson University and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated with
Clemson University, including the athletic department and the office of student affairs of Clemson

University.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the Term.

28
