(c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall, except as set forth in
Subsection 11(d), cease to use the GW Trademarks for Program marketing purposes, provided that Bank
may conclude all solicitations required by Applicable Law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement, Bank shall not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the GW Trademarks or to the
Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 11(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(d) Bank shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating
or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by or on
behalf of GW or any GW Affiliate to the Members. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, Bank shall have until the later of (i) 90 days from the termination or expiration date or (ii) as
soon as operationally reasonable by the Bank to: (i) suspend marketing and remove marketing materials
from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use GW Trademarks in connection with existing Deposit Accounts,
Credit Card Accounts and those opened during such period; and (iii) remove GW Trademarks from
Program collateral and account materials in Bank?s possession, such as statements, welcome packages,
and card carriers. GW shall not attempt to cause the removal of GW Trademarks from any Person?s
credit devices, debit devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of the day 90 days
immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. Bank shall have the right to use
GW Trademarks on such credit devices, debit devices, checks and records until their normally scheduled
reissue date or exhaustion and issue credit cards bearing GW Trademarks until such date. The
provisions of this Subsection 11(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(e) If Applicable Law has or could have a material adverse effect on Bank?s businesses (including the
businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined in
Bank?s sole discretion (?Event?), Bank may notify GW in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the terms
of the Agreement to address the Event. If, within 30 business days after GW?s receipt of Bank?s notice,
the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to both
Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program,
or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to GW, upon 90 days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is
terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such terminated
program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are meant to
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null
and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the
Agreement for just that program.

(f) For the 1 year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, GW agrees that neither GW nor any GW Affiliate shall, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related
product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GW may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by GW, provided the opportunity is not only
made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Members and
provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

ll

Revisep GW Contract {092).D0cx
