Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of AU and Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) with respect to AU?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, AU Activities and performance of AU?s
duties and obligations hereunder (including AU Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or
delegated to AU?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of
Bank?s written notice. AU shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with
Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. AU?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to AU shall be deemed a material breach by AU of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(I) AU shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to AU Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank
with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from
the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law.
Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to AU?s customers other than
applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with AU
Activities. AU will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s
Information within AU?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, AU shall reasonably cooperate with Bank
in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down
Period.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of AU or otherwise made
available to AU and requested in writing by Bank, AU will promptly deliver to Bank at AU? s expense a
copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
AU?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing AU
Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter
provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or
more of the 1SO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided
for by the 1S027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or
replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board or any successor organization). AU will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to
delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) AU acknowledges that Bank has directed AU's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and AU has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

EXECUTION Copy- AUBURN UNIVERSITY AFFINITY AGREEMENT
