Schedule A

ROYALTY ARRANGEMENT

During the Term, Bank shall pay ACS quarterly in arrears, a Royalty calculated as follows for accounts in
good standing. Bank may create a special class of consumer accounts for ACS employees under the
Program, and shall not pay compensation for such designated accounts. All Royalty payments due
hereunder are subject to adjustment by Bank for any prior overpayment of Royalties by Bank:

CREDIT CARD ACCOUNTS

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Credit Card Account for which the annual fee is paid by the Customer. If no
annual fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank), then such Royalty
will be paid for each Credit Card Account that: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last
processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Credit Card Account; and 2) has had
active charging privileges for each of the immediately preceding twelve (12) months.

0.50% (fifty basis points) of the Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Credit Card Accounts
(other than reward accounts).

REWARD ACCOUNTS

Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation provisions
contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of Credit Card
Accounts will not apply to Reward Accounts.

1,

C.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the Customer. If no
Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank}, then such Royalty
will be paid for each Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than zero as of the last processing
day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Reward Account; and 2) has had active charging
privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A Reward Account may renew every twelve
(12) months after the opening of the account.

0.20% {twenty basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using Reward Accounts.

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the

Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than

-23-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American-ChemicalSociety
Affinity Agreement{(BANA Legal) 2018-08-43
