shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of Foundation and
UNCCAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an
account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's
files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate
information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by Foundation and UNCCAA.

(f) [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Foundation and UNCCAA
acknowledge and agree that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank
Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, when
using Foundation and UNCCAA?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing
solicitation, unless Foundation and UNCCAA consent to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services
that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade, money market deposit
accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts and individual retirement accounts).
Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an
account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part of
Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) Foundation and UNCCAA and Bank each represent and warrant to the other Party that as of the
Effective Date:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform
its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in connection
with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been
obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not constitute a
violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that UNCCAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, Foundation and UNCCAA represent and warrant to Bank that
Foundation and UNCCAA have the right and power to license UNCCAA Trademarks and sublicense the University
Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for
the promotion of the Program. Subject to any limitations established by Applicable Law (including but not
limited to the North Carolina Tort Claims Act (N.C.G.S. ? 143-291 et seq.) and the Defense of State Employee Act
(N.C.G.S. ? 143-300.3 et seq.)), and without a waiver of sovereign immunity, Foundation and UNCCAA shall

-11-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
