(g)

mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will
be addressed as follows:

(1) If to WFU:

Wake Forest University
P.O. Box 7227
Winston-Salem, NC 27109

ATTENTION: EmihNeeseLaura Davis
OperattensExecutive Director. Stratgey & Operations
University Advancement
meesees@urtiredt clavis|f @ wflu.eduy

(2) If to Bank:

FIA Card Services. N. A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Fax #: (206) 585-9732

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the
matters covered herein including, without limitation, the Original Agreement and the Marketing
Agreement. This Agreement does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or
provision of any other agreement between the parties that survives termination of that agreement.
Without the prior written consent of the other party. which will not be unreasonably withheld.
neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, Bank may assign any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement to any other person without the prior consent of WFU to: (A) any Bank Affiliate
which effectively assumes all of the duties and obligations of Bank hereunder and possess all
necessary ability, power, authority and resources to perform fully all such duties and obligations:
(B) to any person or entity pursuant to a merger. consolidation, share exchange, or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of Bank in which such other person or entity. by operation of law or
otherwise, effectively assumes all of the duties and obligations of Bank hereunder and possesses
all necessary ability, power, authority and resources to perform fully all such duties and
obligations, Bank may utilize the services of any third party party in fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may
be offered through Bank?s affiliates.

Page 12 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
