GUAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the
Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
GUAA Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. GUAA may not (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. GUAA shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two (2) Business Days of receipt, GUAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all
relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of GUAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent
reasonably requested, GUAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer
Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain GUAA Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis GUAA shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, GUAA
shall cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cease performing GUAA Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not
completed by GUAA, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to
the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, GUAA agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. GUAA grants (and
to cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of GUAA, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) GUAA shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
GUAA Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. GUAA shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all GUAA Activities, whether performed by GUAA or any
Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). GUAA shall be liable to Bank as provided
herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of GUAA?s obligation under this Agreement, including
the GUAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, GUAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their

respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of GUAA and Subcontractors (and

-B-
