10,

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on March 31,
2026 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed
entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to
be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

PROGRAM AWARENESS EFFORTS

(a)(1) With Bank?s prior written consent, GUAA may design and produce materials it intends to utilize
to make Members aware of the Program; provided GUAA pays for all expenses associated with such
efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank as described below; and
further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to
this Section 10 (?Program Awareness Efforts?). Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion
specimen materials for GUAA?s use in connection GUAA?s Program Awareness Efforts. If Bank makes
such specimens available, GUAA will only use such specimens to prepare all materials used in Program
Awareness Efforts. Except for the specimen materials, if any, provided by Bank, GUAA will be
responsible for all expenses with regard to any Program Awareness Effort. GUAA will seek Bank?s
approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(a)(2) GUAA represents, and to the extent necessary is responsible to ensure, that all Program
Awareness Efforts comply with applicable requirements for acknowledging qualified sponsorship
payments under Section 513(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ?Code?), and its
corresponding regulations.

(b) All GIP materials must be coded by GUAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle GUAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A,
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

Anz
