(d)

?

(g)

(h)

_ Foundation and UNCCAA will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and

solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a UNCCAA Trademark or University
Trademark; such approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank
incurs a cost because of a change in the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks (e.g.,
the cost of reissuing new credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due
Foundation, In the event such costs exceed Royalties then due Foundation, if requested by Bank,
Foundation will promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, Foundation
and/or UNCCAA will provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided,
however, that Foundation and/or UNCCAA will not include in any Marketing List the name
and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that Foundation
and/or UNCCAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties. In the event that
Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by Foundation and/or UNCCAA or its agents for
an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from
Royalties due Foundation. Foundation and/or UNCCAA will provide the first Marketing List,
containing the required information for at least fifty thousand (50,000) non-duplicate Member
names, as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s
execution of this Agreement.

Foundation and UNCCAA will, and will cause any Foundation Affiliates and UNCCAA
Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising
and solicitation materials provided by Bank to Foundation and UNCCAA. Notwithstanding the
above, Foundation and UNCCAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from
its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to Foundation and UNCCAA. Any correspondence
received by Foundation and UNCCAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments,
billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by
Foundation and UNCCAA will be paid by Bank.

Foundation and UNCCAA hereby grant Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use
the UNCCAA Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program. This license
transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the duration of
this Agreement and will apply to the UNCCAA Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by
operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or
individual. Foundation and UNCCAA will provide Bank all UNCCAA Trademark and
University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by Bank for the
Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s
execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Foundation and
UNCCAA from granting to other persons a license to use the UNCCAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except
for any Financial Service Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
UNCCAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong
exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited

Page 5 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
