10.

respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially
reasonable after ISUAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents} becomes
aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise ISUAA?s system (or
that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application
software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of ISUAA?s other
Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on June 30,
2026 (?Initial Term?),

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive one-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in
Delaware, The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and excluded.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, ISUAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card
products offered under the Program; provided ISUAA pays for all marketing and solicitation expenses
associated with such efforts; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing shall
qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). ISUAA will design
and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. ISUAA
will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by ISUAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle ISUAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

-15-
