AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
WAKE FOREST UNIVERSITY

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1* day of July, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between FIA Card Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business
in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and Wake Forest University, an educational institution having its
principal place of business in Winston-Salem, North Carolina (?WFU?), for themselves and their
respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, WFU and Bank are parties to that certain affinity agreement dated October 18,
1996, as the same may have been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of WFU:
and

WHEREAS, WFU and Bank are parties to that certain marketing agreement dated July 1, 2008.
as the same may have been amended (?Marketing Agreement?); and

WHEREAS, the Original Agreement and the Marketing Agreement each will terminate
simultaneously with the Effective Date of this Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
(?Agreement?); and

WHEREAS, WFU and Bank mutually desire to amend, restate and supersede the Original
Agreement and the Marketing Agreement through this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE. in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein.
WFU and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS
When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling.? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through B.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations. licensing requirements. regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

Page 1 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
