expressly contingent upon the Agreement having been in full force and effect for the entire
twelve-month period during such Contract Year.

F. ROYALTY ADVANCES

1. Within forty-five (45) days of the Effective Date, and within forty-five (45) days of the annual anniversary
of the Effective Date in 2021, Bank shall pay to CAA two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000.00)
(each, an "Advance"), as an advance against future Eligible Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth
below.

All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment CAA, be applied against each of the
Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter
shall be paid to CAA as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no
longer be obligated to pay any additional Advances to CAA hereunder, and (y) CAA hereby promises to
pay Bank upon demand an amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s)
paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such
Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i)
through (v) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the Initial Term as stated in this Agreement
as of the Effective Date;

(ii) CAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail
campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period
during the term of the Agreement;

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least three (3) email
campaigns to the full updated Mailing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period
during the term of the Agreement; and

(v) Bank is prohibited from conducting promotion campaigns at mutually agreed upon major
events during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement.

2. If during any given year(s) during the initial Term of this Agreement Bank recoups all prior Advances paid
by it to CAA in prior years, and pays CAA Eligible Royalties accrued by CAA over and above the Eligible
Royalties used by Bank to recoup such prior Advances (the "Paid Out Royalties"), then Bank may reduce
the amount of any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

G. ROYALTY GUARANTEE
ar should be June 30, 20227

CAA shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the Advances)
equal to or greater than five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00) (the "Guarantee Amount") by June 30,
should 2022, subject to the provisions in F.1 above. If on June 30, 2022, CAA has not accrued five hundred thousand
be 2022 dollars ($500,000.00) in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay CAA an amount equal to the Guarantee Amount minus
the sum of all compensation accrued by CAA during the Initial Term of this Agreement and all unrecouped
Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any obligation of Bank hereunder shall be
expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of the conditions set forth in Subsection F.1., above.

-26-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
