e-mail properly addressed as required by this Subsection 13(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g)(1) Without the prior written consent of Bank, NYU will not (and shall require its Subcontractors
and their respective Representatives to not) assign any of their rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement (including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information)) or grant access to Bank?s operational systems. Any such attempted assignment,
delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio.

(2) Bank may not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the
written consent of NYU; provided however, that Bank may assign or transfer, without consent or notice,
its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement to any Person or Persons:

(i) pursuant to order of, or reorganization by, any Governmental Authority;

(ii) (other than a subsidiary or an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with Bank (an "Bank Affiliate")) pursuant to a sale or series of related sales (other than a
sale as described in subsection (iii), below) as long as such prospective buyer (or buyers) has
(or have) substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank;

(iii) (other than an Bank Affiliate) pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or
substantially all the assets of Bank; or,

(iv) which are Bank Affiliates.

(3) Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be performed, offered
or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates. Subject to Section 3(g), Bank may utilize the services of any
third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 13(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) Neither Party will be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, pandemic,
government laws, rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or
omission of carriers, failure of common communication circuits, failure of utility services, or other
similar causes beyond its control that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable and without the fault
or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The non-delayed
Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures for more
than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of such termination,
which notice must be received by the delayed Party within 10 days after the expiration of the 120 day
period.

(k) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to

-22-
