10.

{a)

CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of
disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or
entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
Association will be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (its ?A gents?) as necessary for
the performance of their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat the
Information as confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested
by any governmental regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the party disclosing
Information to its Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by their Agents.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on April 30, 2021.

Notwithstanding Section 8(a) above, the right to not renew the Agreement pursuant to this
Section 8 of the Agreement may also be used by Bank to terminate the Deposit Program only or
Credit Card Program only as of the end of any current term of the Agreement, with the exception
that such non-renewal notice, to be valid and effective, must be received by Association on or
before one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the then current term. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program terminates earlier
than the Agreement as provided for immediately above, such terminated program remains
subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement
and any other section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of
this Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with
respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case, as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement will be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Delaware (without
regard to its conflict of laws principles) and will be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully
performed in Delaware.

TERMINATION

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by Bank or Association, the other party
may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching party. This notice will (i)
include a description of the material breach; and (ii) state the party's intention to terminate this
Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within sixty
(60) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will
terminate sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

Page 9 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
