?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which GKIHS complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in SCHEDULE A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.

?UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP" has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

(b) Rules of interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shail apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (viii) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual! agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF GKIHS

(a) GKIHS agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither GKIHS nor
any GKIHS Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor,
advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization
(other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii)
license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of GKIHS Trademarks in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell,
rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its
marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if GKIHS or any
GKIHS Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, GKIHS shall not, and shall
cause GKIHS Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment
product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this
Agreement to the contrary, GKIHS may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising
from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by GKIHS of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Bank and GKIHS agree that, as of 180 days
prior to the term end date, GKIHS may solicit proposals for programs offering and/or discuss with any

5

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFPIMTY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
