(f) All notices relating to this Agreement shal! be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) upon receipt by
hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after mailing by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices shall be addressed as follows:

Q) = Ifto SLU:
Saint Louis University
221 North Grand Boulevard
DuBourg Hall 309
Saint Louis, MO 63103

ATTENTION: Ms. Marianne C. Breen,
Executive Director for Alumni Relations

(2) Ifto MBNA America:

MBNA AMERICA BANK, N. A.
Rodney Square
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Division Manager,
Group Administration/Sales

Any party may change the address to which communications are to be sent by giving notice, as provided
herein, of such change of address.

(g) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein
and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the matters covered herein,
including, without limitation, the Original Agreement. MBNA America may utilize the services of any third
party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

(h) MBNA America and SLU are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither party
shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by this
Agreement.

(i) Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or
give any person other than SLU and MBNA America, their successors and assigns, any rights or remedies
under or by reason of this Agreement.

qj) Neither party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in the performance of or failure to
perform any of its obligations herein if such delay or failure is caused by strikes, acts of God or the public
enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or military authorities, compliance with governmental laws,
rules, regulations, delays in transit or delivery, or any event beyond its reasonable control or without its fault or
negligence.

6of 11
PRIVATE:S:SLU4
