?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority includes the Bureau of Consumer
Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(a) and includes Nonpublic Personal
Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 5(c).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics. The Marketing List is, and shall remain for
the Term of the Agreement and surviving its expiration or termination, the sole property of Florida State
University.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by Association and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card
Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees,
annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt
cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, (b) any
record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting
Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or otherwise
possessed by or on behalf of the Bank including a compilation of such records; all of which is the Bank?s
Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or other grouping of

-3-
