?UDAP" means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

?University? means University of California, Los Angeles and any office or department of, or affiliated or
associated with, the University of California, Los Angeles, including but not limited to the athletic
department and the office of student affairs of University of California, Los Angeles.

{b) Rules of interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following
rules shail apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?or? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference toa
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (viii) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UCLAAA

(a) UCLAAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither UCLAAA
nor any UCLAAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss
with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of UCLAAA
Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank;
and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available
any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in
relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if
UCLAAA or any UCLAAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, UCLAAA
shall not, and shall cause UCLAAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment
over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything
else in this Agreement to the contrary, UCLAAA may accept print or on-line {including Wi-Fi transmitted)
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advert?sement does not contain an express
or implied endorsement by UCLAAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product.

(b

UCLAAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested
by Bank in connection with the Program.

Final Execution Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Affinity Agreement (2)
