10/30/2808 16:37

362-432-6074 BANK OF AMERICA SM PAGE

cash equivalent transactions (e.g., the purchase of wire transfers, person to person
money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

D. GOLD RESERVE REVOLVING LOAN ACCOUNTS

1.

rn

$5.00 (five dollars) for each new Gold Reserve Account opened, that is
utilized by the Customer for at Jeast one (1) transaction which is not
subsequently rescinded or disputed.

" 0.25% (twenty-five basis points) of the average of ?all month-end outstandin 2,

balances (excluding transactions that relate to credits and unauthorized
transactions) in the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to a Gold Reserve
Account?s opening of account anniversary date. This payment will be calculated
as of the end of such twelve (12) month period, based upon outstanding balances
measured as of the end of each of the preceding calendar months of that period
occurring during the term of the Agreement. Each monthly measurement will
include outstanding -balances for only.those Gold. Reserve Accounts that are open
with active charging privileges as of the last:processing day of such.month.

E. GOLD OPTION REVOLVING LOAN ACCOUNTS

?4,

$5.00 (five dollars) for each new Gold-Option Account opened, that is utilized by
the Customer for at least one transaction which is not subsequently rescinded or
disputed. Y . ;

0.25% (twenty-five basis points) of the average of all month-end outstanding
balances (excluding transactions that relate to credits and unauthorized
transactions) in the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to a Gold Option
Account?s opening of account anniversary ?date. This payment will be calculated
as of the end of such twelve (12) month period, based upon outstanding balances
measured as of the end of each of the preceding calendar months ?of that period
occurring during the term of the Agreement. Each monthly measurement will
include outstanding balances for only those Gold Option Accounts that ate open
with active charging privileges as of the last processing day of such month.

F. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the term of this Agreement, FIUF will receive the Deposits Royalties sct forth below.
Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any
other Financial Service Product. Except as set forth in this Section F, Deposit Accounts are not
eligible for any other Royalty compensation provisions contained in the Agreement. Further,
Deposit Royalties will not be paid to FTUF on any existing deposit account that is converted to
the Program. However, Bank, in its sole discretion, may compensate Customers owning such
converted accounts in accordance with sub-section (4) below, or otherwise. .

Page 9 of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Florida International University Foundation Inc Term Extension Addendum Draft 10-30-68 (2)

69/12
