good faith inquiry by ESAUT, are reasonably believed by ESAUT to be accurate and consistent with the
then-current materials provided by Bank to ESAUT. Any correspondence received by ESAUT that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within three (3) business days of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier
expenses incurred by ESAUT shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by ESAUT that
are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), ESAUT will
inform the person making the inquiry to contact the Bank.

(g) (i) ESAUT hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the ESAUT
Trademarks solely in connection with the Program and, subject ESAUT?s right of approval set forth
in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to
the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this
Agreement. Any use of the ESAUT Trademarks must be in accordance with ESAUT?s brand book
(as modified from time to time, the ?Brand Book?). ESAUT shall promptly provide a copy of the
current Brand Book upon request and all ESAUT Trademark production materials (e.g., camera
ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days
after ESAUT?s execution of this Agreement. If ESAUT modifies, revises, or replaces any ESAUT
Trademark, Schedule C is hereby amended without any further action required by the parties to
include such successor and/or replacement trademark. Within a reasonable time after such
modification, revision, or replacement, ESAUT shall provide Bank with an updated Brand Book. To
the extent that ESAUT approves for use in connection with the Program any other ESAUT
Trademark not set forth on Schedule C as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Schedule C shall
be deemed amended to include such ESAUT Trademark without any further action of the parties.
This license shall apply to the ESAUT Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such ESAUT
Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation,
organization, or individual. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits ESAUT from granting to
other persons a license to use the ESAUT Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products.

(ii) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, ESAUT represents, warrants and
covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. ESAUT retains all right, title and interest in the ESAUT Trademarks and Bank
does not have any ownership interest in or to any ESAUT Trademark. Bank shall not (and shall
cause its Affiliates and subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to) register
or attempt to register any ESAUT Trademark. This Subsection (2)(g)(ii) shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain an
ESAUT Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. ESAUT may not (and
shall cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program
Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program
and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. ESAUT shall not (and shall cause its subcontractors
and its and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(i) ESAUT acknowledges that Bank has directed ESAUT's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and
ESAUT has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.
