security breach arises out of the negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or breach of its obligations
hereunder, by The Association. The Association will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives and Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified
system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely

manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that The Association will introduce
(and cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as
soon as commercially reasonable after The Association (or its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents) becomes aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that
comprise The Association?s system (or that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of
The Association?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner terminated in
accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on April 30, 2026 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?), unless either
Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 270 days, prior to the end
of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of the
State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely
within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded. Venue for any breach or cause of action arising from this
agreement shall be in Brazos County, Texas.

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, The Association may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card
products offered under the Program using Association Marketing Channels; provided The Association pays for all
marketing and solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if
any, provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing
shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?). Bank may provide,
in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for The Association?s use in connection with
The Association?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, The Association will only
use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the
specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, The Association will be responsible for all expenses with
regard to any Group Marketing Effort. The Association will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to
its desired date to engage in any GIP.

-14-

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
