(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

11. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either Bank or UVAA:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or
the corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by midnight
at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case is pending issues
an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an
assignment of all or substantially all of its assets to, a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the
United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws) for such Party or all or
substantially all of its assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-
faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so;

(v) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or
liquidation; or
(vi) becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, then the other Party may immediately

terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall, except as set forth in
Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the Marketing Lists, UVAA Trademarks and University
Trademarks for Program marketing purposes, provided that Bank may conclude all solicitations required
by Applicable Law. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall not claim
any right, title, or interest in or to UVAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists.
The provisions of this Subsection 11(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(d) Bank shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in connection with, relating or
referring to the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement to be communicated by or on behalf
of UVAA or any UVAA Affiliate to the Members. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement, Bank shall have up to the greater of (i) 90 calendar days from the termination or expiration
date or (ii) as soon as operationally reasonable by the Bank (the ?Wind-Down Period?) to: (i) suspend
marketing and remove marketing materials from Bank?s marketing channels; (ii) use UVAA Trademarks
or University Trademarks in connection with existing Credit Card Accounts and Deposit Accounts and

(Execution Copy) University of Virginia Alumni Association AR Affinity Agreement.docx
