Bank to CAA. Notwithstanding the above, CAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to CAA. Any correspondence received by CAA that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by CAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by CAA that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) CAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the CAA Trademarks
and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject to CAA?s right of approval set forth in
Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the
assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in
Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the CAA Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such CAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. CAA shall provide Bank
all CAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by
Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after CAA?s execution of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits CAA from granting to other persons a license to
use the CAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service
or product, except for any Financial Service Products. As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term,
CAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the
Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
CAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank. CAA may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use
any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. CAA shall not (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, CAA shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of CAA (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, CAA shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) CAA shall provide Bank with written notice identifying each Subcontractor prior to engaging,
discontinuing or replacing any Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives); (ii) modifying the
scope of work delegated to or undertaken by such Subcontractor (or their Representatives); (iii) the
Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives) performing any of CAA?s obligations under this
Agreement or in furtherance of the Program from a location outside the United States; and (iv)
permitting or suffering modifications to any of the foregoing for notices given. For the avoidance of
doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, Bank?s receipt of notice as referred
to immediately above (when given or received) shall not be construed as a novation or other release as

-8-

EXECUTION - CALIFORNIA ALUMNI ASSOCIATION SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT 08-04-20
