DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

c.

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1.

D.

$3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank),
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

During the Term, UM will receive the Deposits Royalties set forth below. Deposits Royalty compensation
provisions will only apply to Deposit Accounts and not to any other Financial Service Product. Except as set forth
in this Section D, Deposit Accounts are not eligible for any other Royalty compensation provisions contained in
the Agreement. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to UM on any existing deposit account that is
converted to the Program.

E.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking account opened under the Program which has a positive
balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90?) day from the account opening date. An
additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking account opened under the Program that has a positive
balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent anniversary of the account opening date.
Payments will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter.

QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS

a: For each Contract Year during the Term, Bank will pay UM an account bonus (?Qualifying GIP
Account Bonus?) equal to: (i) $20,000 if at least 200, but less than 251 Qualifying GIP Accounts
opened in such Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts or (ii) $25,000 if 251 or more
Qualifying GIP Accounts opened in such Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts.

2. For clarity, the maximum Qualifying GIP Account Bonus payment for any Contract Year is
$25,000. Payment of any Qualifying GIP Account Bonus (if any) will be made within 135 days
following the end of such Contract Year.

EXECUTION Copy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
