quarterly basis the following: reports on marketing results (by channel and by campaign), the number of
Members solicited, response rates, approval rates, gross approved Credit Card Accounts, and number of
activated Credit Card Accounts. The parties agree to hold an annual marketing meeting to address ideas
for new account generation, including testing the offer of USC Rewards for Credit Card Account
acquisition in direct mail and other marketing materials, and to discuss Program performance and to
develop the Program?s annual marketing plan detailing the parties? marketing efforts. The parties agree
to periodically discuss during each year performance of the Program and to establish methods to
improve Program performance if necessary. Bank will provide USCAA with an annual report that
provides the number of open Credit Card Accounts, the number of active Credit Card Accounts, the
average retail spend per active Credit Card Account at the end of the year and the total outstanding at
the end of each quarter within such year.

(d) Upon the written request of USCAA, but no more frequently than one (1) request in any twelve
(12) month period, Bank shall provide USCAA with system reports generated by Bank containing all the
information which both (i) formed the basis of Bank?s calculation of the Royalties due USCAA since the
last request was made or, if no previous request was made hereunder, for the last four (4) Royalty
calculations performed by Bank, and (ii) may be disclosed by Bank without violating any legal rights of
any third party or obligation of Bank. Such reports shall be certified by an officer of Bank as to their
accuracy; provided, however, that the reports shall be certified as to their accuracy by the nationally
recognized independent certified public accountants then being utilized by Bank, at USCAA's expense, if
USCAA so requests such accountants' certification in its written request(s) for the generation of such
reports hereunder. USCAA?s right to request such reports shall survive termination of this Agreement
for a six (6) month period.

(e) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify USCAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business
days after USCAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an
addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have
the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its
entirety, without penalty or liability to USCAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance
of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the
Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(e), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision
of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in
each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to USCAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any

student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments
to the Program, including changes to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the
Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program).

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
