Member List or information about Members or students of the University for the
purpose of soliciting such persons for participation in the University ID Program. For
clarity, Bank acknowledges that: (y) University may provide to the provider of the
University ID Card Program information about prospective students, students, faculty
and staff, and tenants of the University for the purpose of soliciting for, or otherwise
facilitating, such persons? participation in the University ID Card Program and (z) the
University ID Card Program may utilize one or more Trademarks that are the same or
similar as any Licensed Trademark. The UICA?s use of the University ID Card Program
cards for access to its facilities is not a violation of this Agreement.

(4) University (presently through University?s Athletics Department) may sponsor a
checking account program through a financial institution (such program, and/or any
renewal or replacement checking account program, the ?Bank Checking Program?). The
Bank Checking Program shall not be construed as a breach of this Agreement provided
that: (i) neither UICA nor any UICA Affiliate provides, directly or indirectly, to the
relevant financial institution the Member List or any information about Members or
students of the University for the purpose of soliciting such persons for participation in
the Bank Checking Program. For clarity, Bank acknowledges that University may provide
to the relevant financial institution operating the Bank Checking Program names and
address information of students, faculty and staff of the University to the full extent
such information is obtainable as part of the public record under Applicable Law.

(vi) During the Term, UICA and University shall ensure that any debit card products offered after the
Effective Date by University with another financial institution or entity other than Bank using the
University Licensed Trademarks shall be reasonably distinguishable and not reasonably likely to cause
customer confusion with the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program.

(b) UICA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) UICA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other mutually agreed upon means for
participation in the Program.

{d) UICA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of Licensed Trademarks in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the Licensed Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UICA.
If such costs exceed Royalties then due UICA, upon demand UICA shail promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs unless (i) Bank receives at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior written notice of such
change in Licensed Trademarks and is able to exhaust its existing inventories of applications, marketing,
credit and debit, and other Program solicitation materials bearing the old Trademark or (ii) Bank is not
required to issue replacement credit and/or debit devices that bear the changed Licensed Trademark.

(e) UICA grants Bank and its Affiliates a license to use the Member List with the Program in
accordance with this Agreement. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. At least once
annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, ICA shall provide Bank with its entire and complete
updated Member List free of any charge; provided, however, that UICA shall not include in any Member
List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that UICA
not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time

-9-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF [OWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE,,_.DOCK
