(d) IUAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an IUAA Trademark or University
Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost
(e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the IUAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such
costs from any Royalties due IUAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due IUAA, upon demand IUAA shall
promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the Bank?s written request, IUAA will
provide Bank with its entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however,
hat IUAA will not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any
Member who has expressly requested that IUAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties
or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank
incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by IUAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update
?o the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due IUAA.
f such costs exceed such payments, upon demand IUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, IUAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least three hundred ninety-five thousand (395,000) non-duplicate Member names, as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after IUAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery
?o Bank, IUAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law.

(f) IUAA will, and will cause any IUAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including IUAA chat and social media accounts) with Members or potential Members about
the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials
provided by Bank to IUAA. Notwithstanding the above, IUAA may respond to individual inquiries about
the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to IUAA. Any correspondence received by
IUAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to
the Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable
overnight courier expenses incurred by IUAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received
by IUAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) IUAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the IUAA Trademarks
and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject I|UAA?s right of approval set forth in Section
2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this
Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This
license shall apply to the IUAA Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of
such IUAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. IUAA shall provide Bank all IUAA Trademark and
University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as
soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after IUAA?s execution of this Agreement. Bank shall
not register or attempt to register any IUAA Trademark or University Trademark. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits IUAA from granting to other persons a license to use the IUAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products. As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, IUAA represents, warrants
and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated
hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
