?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having jurisdiction
over such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Bank, Governmental Authority
includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (a/k/a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) and
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

?Governmental Entity? means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent
jurisdiction, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 and shall be deemed to include
Nonpublic Personal Information.

?Impact? has the meaning ascribed to such word in 5(b).

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names (including without limitation names of business owners or authorized officers), with
corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes)
and e-mail addresses of all Members other than student Members who are at least eighteen years of
age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member or prospective member of PTK and/or other potential participants mutually
agreed to by PTK and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time, the aggregate net retail purchase transactions (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, but excluding (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns
and/or unauthorized transactions, (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track
wagers, lottery tickets or transactions, or casino gaming chips), (iii) taxes, shipping and handling costs,
and/or (iv) Credit Card Account fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late
fees, overlimit fees, annual fees, returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance
premiums, debt cancellations charges, non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1026.3(p) (1)
and shall be deemed to include Accountholder Information; and all of which shall also be deemed the
Bank?s Information.

?Party? has the meaning ascribed to such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

3
Put THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY) S&P
