10/36/2608 16:37 302-432-6074 BANK OF AMERICA SM PAGE 82/12

debit card access and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account
individual retirement accounts.

?Emerging Account? means a Credit Card Account coded by Bank with one of Bank?s
risk management identifiers. Emerging Accounts may carry a Reward Enhancement.

?Non-Student Member Credit Card Account? is a Credit Card Account opened
through an application coded by BANK as a non-student application.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and
offered as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g., World Points), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Student Member Credit Card Account? means a Credit Card Account opened through
an application coded by Bank as-a student application. : os

4. ? .[he'parties agree that the Reward Enhancement is part of the Program (as such credit?. ?
card account enlancement and Program may be adjusted or amended from time to time by Bank, ?- :
in its sole discretion). Bank may, at its option, offer the Reward Enhancement to some or all of

the persons included on the lists provided by FIUF under the Agreement. pe

5. FIUF agrees to not ?ndorse, sponsor, promote aid, advertise, or develop a loyalty rewards
program similar to the Reward Enhancement (other than Bank Programs). Subject to the ?
foregoing, all of FIUF?s promises arising from its exclusive arrangement with Bank in the
Agreement shall also apply to the Reward Enhancement.

6. Subsections 1(e)(iii) and (1)(e)(iv) of the Agreement are hereby amended by replacing .
?Florida State University? with ?Florida Intemational University?, : 7

7 Sections 1(k), 1(1) and 4 of the Agreement, as well as any reference to the terms ?GIP?,
?GIP Account?, or ?Group Incentive Program? are hereby deleted from the Agreement in their
entireties. :

8: Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new subsection (h) as follows:

?(h) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, FIUF
acknowledges and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services
that Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively
?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank
Products are not subject to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when
. using FIUF's Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits

Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an c-mail or an outbound telemarketing
solicitation, unless FIUF consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.

Page 2 of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Fletida International University Foundation Inc ?Term Extension Addcndum Draft 10-30-08 (2) 1
