(f)

VW.

(a)

(b)

()

(d)

()

penalty or liability to BU, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than
the Agreement as provided for in this Section 10(e), such terminated program remains subject to
the provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any
other section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive the termination of this
Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement with respect
to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case, as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, BU agrees that neither BU, nor any BU Affiliate will, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a
related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BU may, after
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by BU, provided the
opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general
solicitation to all Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly
identified as a customer of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered
to all Members.

GROUP MARKETING

BU will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by BU, including, but not limited to,
any GIP (?BU Marketing Effort?). BU will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to
engaging in any BU Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by BU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts and/or Business Credit Card Accounts/other products generated from any
GIP will entitle BU to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms
and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, marketing materials or
telemarketing inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be
eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any BU
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and
continuation of any BU Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, BU shall immediately
discontinue any or all BU Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with, the written
notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. BU will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any BU Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any BU
Marketing Effort or of supporting any BU Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by BU
upon demand.

BU will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act,
the Truth in Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any BU
Marketing Effort.

Page 10 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
