DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) UM hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UM Trademarks
with the Program and, subject UM?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with
all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This licerise shall
remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the UM
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such UM Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UM shall provide Bank all UM
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after UM?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits UM from granting to other persons a license to use the UM Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, UM represents, warrants
and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
UM Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. UM may not (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. UM shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, UM shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of UM (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, UM shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain UM Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis UM shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, UM shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing UM Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by
UM, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, UM agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. UM grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of UM, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

-8-

EXECUTION CoPy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
