(a)(i) | With Bank?s prior written consent, NYU may conduct limited marketing and solicitation efforts
for credit card products offered under the Program using NYUAA Marketing Channels; provided NYU pay
for all marketing and solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen
marketing materials provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually
agree that such marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing
Effort? or ?GIP?). Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials
for NYU?s use in connection NYU?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available,
NYU will only use such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts.
Except for the specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, NYU will be responsible for all
expenses with regard to any Group Marketing Effort. NYU will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60)
days prior to its desired date to engage in any GIP.

(ii) Throughout the term of this Agreement, and subject to Section 10(c), NYU will market the
Program on NYUAA?s home page, account profile or ?members only? pages, and other prominent (i-e.,
high viewership) locations within the internet site(s) of NYUAA, as well as email promo boxes. The
advertisements may include a hyperlink to another internet site (an application site) or may provide a
telephone number to enable a person to apply for the advertised Financial Service Product. NYU has
sole discretion in whether to add or remove marketing channels described in this Section 10(a)(ii),
provided that such addition or removal complies with Section 10(c). NYU will modify or remove such
advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program
material, NYU will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login credentials) to access any and all
pages within the NYUAA internet site(s), including any ?members only? or other restricted access pages
that display Program material. NYU will be eligible for the GIP royalties set forth on Schedule A for any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number.

(iii) NYU will place advertisements of the Program provided by Bank on the first page of NYUAA?s
electronic newsletters to Members at least four times per Contract Year during the term of the
Agreement. The advertisements may include a hyperlink to another internet site (an application site) or
may provide a telephone number to enable a person to apply for each Financial Service Product. NYU
has sole discretion in whether to discontinue the advertising as provided in this Section 10(a)(iii),
provided that such discontinuation complies with Section 10(c). NYU will be entitled to the GIP Royalty
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, for any Credit Card
Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by NYU as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle NYU to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from, Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not
constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its sole and
unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation of
any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, NYU shall immediately discontinue any or all
Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. NYU will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
Group Marketing Effort.

-15-
