or guidance, or orders relating to or prohibiting UDAP, or UDAAP), regulations, licensing requirements,
regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations, agreements oF orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws
and rules of any applicable self-regulatory organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or
contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing, in each case applicable to such Person.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of a
consumer (including a Member and Customer) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicate
suspicion of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable entity related to a consumer's personal experience
with any aspect of the Program, or a Financial Service Product and includes any written or oral
statement expressing dissatisfaction about bank products, policies or services.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date and each
consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date during the term of
the Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C, ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the Agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant Section A.4, B.4 and C.4. and
Section G of Schedule A.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.
?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such work in Section 11(e).

?ginancial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program,
installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program, financial brokerage products or
services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent
(e.g., digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing programs,
and any other financial service programs or products.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which MAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby MAA
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 ef. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time.

2

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI Assoc SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copry).Docx
