USCAA and any Subcontractor acting on behalf of USCAA (excluding the Bank) (?Group Marketing
Effort? or ?GIP?). USCAA will give Bank notice at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to engage
in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by USCAA as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle USCAA to the Royalty for GIP
specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of
marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such
coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any Group
Marketing Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the commencement, scope, timing,
content and continuation of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, USCAA shall
immediately discontinue any or all Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with, any
written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. USCAA will not deviate from the approved
materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All actual costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any
Group Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by
USCAA upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, USCAA will comply with all Applicable Law.

(f) USCAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on USCAA?s home page,
account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of USCAA as the
parties shall mutually agree upon, all at USCAA?s expense. Subject to obtaining Bank?s prior approval as
provided for in 10(c), all of the foregoing advertising activities, including the timing, location and content
of such advertising, shall be subject to USCAA?s control, review and approval. Bank may establish a
hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a
telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial
Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number
will entitle USCAA to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement. USCAA will modify or remove such advertisements within two Business
Days of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view Program material, USCAA will provide Bank with the
ability (including unique login credentials) to access any and all relevant pages within the USCAA
internet site(s) that contain marketing materials for the Program, including any ?members only? or other
restricted access pages that display Program material; provided that Bank shall not be granted access to
USCAA internet sites that do not display Program material or that contain confidential or proprietary
information unrelated to the Program.

(g) During the Term, USCAA agrees to conduct as instructed by bank, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following Group Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i) online
marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-
newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would
include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall
include, but not be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member
directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU
messaging.

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
