by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by Foundation and UNCCAA that are intended for Bank (e.g.
general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be
referred to contact the Bank.

(g) Subject to Section 2(a)(ii), Foundation and UNCCAA hereby grant Bank and its Affiliates a limited,
exclusive license to use the UNCCAA Trademarks and/or University Trademarks in connection with the Program
and, subject to Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s right of written (email acceptable) approval set forth in Section 2(d),
on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement
as provided for in Section 12(g). This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection
11(d). This license shall apply to the UNCCAA Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. Foundation and UNCCAA shall provide Bank all
UNCCAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank
for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s execution of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Foundation and UNCCAA from granting to other persons
a license to use the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). Bank acknowledges
that it has not acquired any ownership interest of the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks and shall
not acquire any ownership interest in the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by reason of this
Agreement and that all use of the UNCCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks shall inure to the benefit of the
University. Bank shall not at any time do or cause to be done any act or thing contesting or in any way impairing
or intending to impair the rights of the University, Foundation, or UCCAA in and to the UNCCAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks. As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, Foundation and UNCCAA represent,
warrant and covenant to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a UNCCAA
Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank.
Foundation and UNCCAA may not (and shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not
to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. Foundation and UNCCAA shall not
(and shall cause their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register
any Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, Foundation and UNCCAA shall refer (and shall cause their
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along
with all relevant documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession
or control of Foundation and UNCCAA (or their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the
extent reasonably requested, Foundation and UNCCAA shall (and shall cause their Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each
Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) Foundation and UNCCAA shall provide Bank with written notice identifying each Subcontractor prior to
engaging, discontinuing or replacing any Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives); (ii) modifying the
scope of work delegated to or undertaken by such Subcontractor (or their Representatives); (iii) the
Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives) performing any of Foundation?s and UNCCAA?s obligations
under this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program from a location outside the United States; and (iv)

-8-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
