purposes of soliciting or marketing such debit card. A debit card subject to this subsection shall not be a
Financial Service Product for purposes of this Agreement.

(b) WFU agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) WFU authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) WFU shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an WFU Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the WFU Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due WFU.
If such costs exceed Royalties then due WFU, upon Bank?s written request, WFU shall promptly
reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, WFU shall provide Bank with its
entire and updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that WFU shall not include in
any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that WFU not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of
eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
charge assessed by WFU or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List,
Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due WFU. If such costs
exceed such payments, upon Bank?s written request WFU shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such
costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, WFU shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the
required information for at least fifty thousand (50,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after WFU?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank,
WFU represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable
Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) WFU shall, and shall direct any WFU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including via social media channels owned or controlled by WFU) with Members or
potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising
and solicitation materials provided by Bank to WFU. Notwithstanding the above, WFU may respond to
individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said
responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to WFU. Any
correspondence received by WFU that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing
inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of
receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by WFU shall be paid by Bank. For any
inquiries or requests received by WFU that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address
changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) WFU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive (as to the purposes described in
this Agreement) license to use the WFU Trademarks provided by WFU solely on or in conjunction with
the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect
for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the WFU Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such WFU Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. WFU shall provide Bank all WFU

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
