(c)

(a)

(b)

(c)

complaints relating to the license or the use of any Association Trademarks, University
Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

Both parties agree that University is not a party to this Agreement. Further, the parties
acknowledge that University has an existing relationship with Wells Fargo to provide students a
student ID and stored value card (hereinafter, ?University Student Financial Service Products?),
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement does not preclude
Wells Fargo from offering these University Student Financial Service Products to students of the
University provided that Association shall not provide lists of Members 10 Wells Fargo to solicit
Members for any Financial Service Products. ?

ROYALTIES

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay Royalties to Association. Royaltics will not
be paid until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other ERS required form (e.g., W-8) is
fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of
Royalties then due will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each
calendar quarter.

The parties agree that as of the Effective Date, pursuant to the trademark license and/or
sublicense granted by Association to Bank pursuant to this Agreement, Bank will have the right
to use the Association Trademarks or University Trademarks on all Financial Service Products
offered under the Program during the term of the Agreement.

[fat any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any card network?s interchange
rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since
the Effective Date, has more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including
the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as
determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify Association in
writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the
Agreement to address the Impact. If, within thirty (30). business days after Association?s receipt
of Bank's notice, the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right
to terminate cither the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its
entirety, without penalty or fiability 10 Association, upon ninety (90) days advance written
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card

Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section SAG: such

terminated program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in

Section 12(b) of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its terms are

meant to survive the termination of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations in any other
provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be
nuil and void, in each case, as if the termination of such program was a lermination or expiration
of the Agreement for just that program.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation,
changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may be offered, as a benefit under the
Program, opportunities to select other ancillary products and services.

Poge 8 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL

te
