(j) GW shall provide Bank with written notice identifying each Subcontractor prior to engaging,
discontinuing or replacing any Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives); (ii) modifying the scope of
work delegated to or undertaken by such Subcontractor (or their Representatives); (iii) the Subcontractor (and
their respective Representatives) performing any of GW?s obligations under this Agreement or in furtherance of
the Program from a location outside the United States; and (iv) permitting or suffering modifications to any of
the foregoing for notices given. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
contained, Bank?s receipt of notice as referred to immediately above (when given or received) shall not be
construed as a novation or other release as to GW?s performance of its obligations hereunder or
indemnification. The provisions of this Subsection 2(j) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for a period of 6 months.

(k)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable Law as
applied to Bank concerning certain GW Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the Program
(?Training?). \nitially and on an annual basis, GW shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, GW shall cease to perform, and
shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing GW Activities if
Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by GW, such Subcontractor (and their
respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, GW agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. GW grants (and to cause
its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and review such
compliance on the part of GW, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives).

(3) GW shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide GW
Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training and
Bank?s reasonable instruction. GW shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and timely
performance of all GW Activities, whether performed by GW or any Subcontractor (including their respective
Representatives). GW shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors
(and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly perform any of GW?s
obligation under this Agreement, including the GW Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(I) Upon prior written notice, GW shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s Representatives) audit,
inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of GW and Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives)
policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws and records as they relate
to the Program, Program-related Information security, GW Activities and performance of GW?s duties and
obligations hereunder (including GW Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by or delegated to GW?s
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to determine the scope of such
audits, tests or inspections as consistent with Applicable Law. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of Bank?s
written notice. GW shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with Applicable
Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. GW?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate
and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly
remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly
remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written notice to GW shall be deemed a material breach by GW of this

-8-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
