ADDENDUM

THIS ADDENDUM (the "Addendum") is entered into as of the BA day of Ye rok 2001, by and
between Saint Louis University ("SLU") and MBNA AMERICA BANK, N.A. ("MBNA America"), for
themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America are parties to an affinity agreement dated July 23, 1999, which may
have been amended (the "Agreement"), wherein MBNA America provides certain financial services to certain
persons included in certain lists provided to MBNA America by or on behalf of SLU; and

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America mutually desire to modify certain definitions therein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, SLU and
MBNA America agree as follows:

1. The phrase ?debit card programs? within the definition of ?Financial Service Products? in Section
1(d) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

2. Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 2(h):

(h). No SLU-Firstar Bank multi-function product will have any credit card related features
(whether the same must be paid whole or in part each billing cycle) nor functionality. In addition
to the restrictions herein contained and not in derogation or imitation thereof, SLU shall not
provide nor permit access to Mailing Lists containing alumni, student, faculty and staff to Firstar
Bank or on its behalf to any other person or entity for promoting Finanacial Service Products.

3. Except as amended by this Addendum, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the Agreement are
valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any inconsistencies between this
Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this Addendum. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the Agrement, the Agreement as modified by this Addendum, shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the
State of Delaware (without regard to its conflict of laws principles } and shall be deemed for afl purposes to be made
and fully performed in Delaware.

4. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be considered an
original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement, as amended by this
Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered and no other or prior
promises, negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by any party or its employees, officers or agents shall be
valid and binding.

TN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto, by its representative, has executed this Addendum as of the date first
above written, and such party and its representative warrant that such representative is duly authorized to execute
and deliver this Addendum for and on behalf of such party.

Sgint Louis University MBNA Mori
By: tet /). By: MLZLL
Name: Robert _N, Altholz { name [ficlael Derrdh

Title: Vice President for Tite: SEUP
Business & Finance

?te

Usmy documents\CU\SLU\St. Louis University Definition Change Addendum 3-21-01_2.doc
