10.

that of its Representatives, Subcontractors, and Agents), including application software, databases,
servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of IUAA?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner terminated
in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on March 31, 2025 (?Initial
Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?), unless
either Party gives written notice of its intention not to allow auto-renew at least 90 and not more than
270 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction, validity and
performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal Laws of
the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered into and performed
entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to
be made and fully performed in Delaware.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, IUAA may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using IUAA Marketing Channels; provided IUAA pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such marketing
shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP??). Bank may
provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for IUAA?s use in connection
IUAA?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, IUAA will only use such
specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the specimen
marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, IUAA will be responsible for all expenses with regard to any
Group Marketing Effort. I|UAA will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its desired date to
engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by IUAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle IUAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute
GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP Royalty.

-15-
