belong exclusively to Bank. UDAA may not {and shall cause its subcontractors (if any) and its
and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote
the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only to the
extent consistent with this Agreement. UDAA shall not (and shall cause its subcontractors (if
any) and its and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any UDAA Trademark or
University Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain UDAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or services offered
by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the Term, and in accordance
with the provisions, of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) UDAA acknowledges that Bank has directed UDAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b}
and UDAA has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members in
material compliance with all provisions of Applicable Law except where the failure to so comply
does not have a material adverse effect on the Program.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the
Program, which shall be subject to UDAA approval as set forth in Section 2(d}, except for
materials used in any UDAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval
of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of
UDAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for
materials used in any UDAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shail bear all credit risks with respect to each
Customer's account(s) independently of UDAA.

{e) Bank shall use the Marketing List provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner
consistent with this Agreement in accordance with Applicable Law and shall not permit those
Persons handling the Marketing List to use it for any other purpose. Bank shall have the sole
right to designate Members on the Marketing List to whom promotional material shall or shall
not be sent. The Marketing List is and shall remain the sole property of UDAA. However, Bank
may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account
relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of
Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not
use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by UDAA.

(f) Subject to the terms of this Agreement and Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place
UDAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and
on other premium items, including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in
Bank?s reasonable judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. UDAA will
have approval rights with respect to the use and appearance of the UDAA Trademarks or

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
