?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts,
certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit
card access and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual
retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time
to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
Agreement, with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to
Sections A.4, B.4,C.4 and E of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, debit card program {including pre-
paid card program), deposit program, or the functional equivalent (e.g., digital wallet, or card-
not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing programs.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which UDAA complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
UDAA conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the
Program, and the Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute
a GIP.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12
C.F.R. 1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when
effective, the framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor
Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any
State or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or
arbitrator having jurisdiction over such Person. With respect to the Bank, Governmental

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
