e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, Association will not (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
(or their) obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) and operational systems. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) [Intentionally Omitted]

{k) During the Term, neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to
any Person which criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other
or any of its Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the
statement is true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(I) Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws,
rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or
other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without
the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The
non-delayed Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition
endures for more than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of
such termination, which notice must be received by the delayed Party within 10 days after the
expiration of the 120 day period.

{m) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to
accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as
best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that if a
representative of each of the Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and
transmits such Agreement to the other Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted
portable document format, the Agreement shall be treated in all manner and respects as having an
original signature (or counterpart thereof) and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects
as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of a Party, each other

-19-
