03/02/2018 18:57 Fax egy

U-M_oac
003/033

the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or

otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through C.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and loca! statutes,
regulations, licensing Go religion tegulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,

agreements or orders, (ii) regul
organizations, (jii) rule, regula
MasterCard, American Express

tions, by-laws and rules of atry applicable self-regulatory
n, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative

interpretations of any of the foregoing,

?Contract Year? means the
and each consecutive twelve (1
during the term of the Agreem

?Credit Card Account? m

) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
t.

CB moat twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date

an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the

cert
Program that is accessed ntlizios acard, plate and/or any other device or instrument issued by
Bank.

?Credit Card Program? m
promotion thereof, Bank agri
time.

s those consumer credit card programs and services, and the
to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to

?Customer? mearis any Member who is a patticipant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as moncy market deposit accounts, certificate

of deposit accounts, checking

arid savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access

and money market deposit aceount and certificate of deposit account individual retirement

accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank agrges to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to

time.

?Eligible Royalties? means all
Agreement, with the excepti
A4, 8.4 and C.4. and Sectio

?Financial Service Produ:

program, deposit program,
any such product.

?GIP Account? means a ?
complies with the GIP pro

Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the
of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Section

G of Schedule A.
ct? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card
ave] and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of

it Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which AAUM
sions of this Agreement.

Page 2 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

