Affinity Agreement
The George Washington University

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1*t day of October, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?)

by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and the George Washington University, a private institution having its principal place of business in
Washington, D.C. (?GW/", and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?}, for themselves and their respective
successors and assigns.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, GW and

Bank agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or
part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of Interpretation therein shall apply to this
Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their use.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF GW

(a) GW agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither GW nor
any GW Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) endorse, sponsor,
advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization
(other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products (or the use of any Financial Service
Products) of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the
use by others of the GW Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other
than Bank. in addition, if GW or any GW Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such
sales, GW shall not, and shall cause GW Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of
payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, GW may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi
transmitted)advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain
an express or implied endorsement by GW of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial
Service Product.

(b) GW agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) GW authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) GW shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a GW Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a required change in the GW Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due GW. If
such costs exceed Royalties then due GW, upon demand GW shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such
costs.

ReviseD GW Contract (002}.p0cx
