7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information and
proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent
applicable, its subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives) prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information shall not be disclosed by such other Person to
any other Person, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
Fordham shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, Affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party disclosing Information of the other Party to its
Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by its Agents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on January 31, 2018 (?Initial
Term?).

(b) By mutual agreement of the Parties in writing at least 90 and not more than 180 days prior to the end of
the Initial Term or any successive two-year period, this Agreement may be extended at the end of the

Initial Term or any renewal term for a successive two-year period (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together
with the Initial Term, the ?Term?).

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the
State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the
Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and shall be deemed for all purposes to be
made and fully performed in New York. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP MARKETING

my

Fordham will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by Fordham, including, but not limited to, any

GIP (?Fordham Marketing Effort?). Fordham will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging
in any Fordham Marketing Effort.

(b) All GIP marketing materials will be coded by Fordham as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle Fordham to the Royalty for GIP specified in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above,
Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from
Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be GIP Accounts and not eligible for
any GIP Royalty.

11

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy)
