{i} Monthly advertisements in the ?Out of the Blue? newsletter;

{ii) Full page color advertisements in each bi-monthly publication of the ?Carolina Alumni Review?;

{iii) Presence on website pages where purchase or registration is involved, including membership,
reunions, merchandise store, club events;

{iv) ?Carolina Club? (the Member Dining Club) inclusion consisting of:

a. Featured sponsor at one (1) football tailgate each season;
b. Featured sponsor at one (1) member mixer each year;
(v) Homecoming Reunion events:
a. Advertisement space in the ?Black Alumni Reunion Souvenir Journal?;
b. Featured sponsor for Homecoming; and,

(vi) ?Take ones? with card image to be placed in the Alumni Center lobby.

(i) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

11, TERMINATION

{a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or GAA:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or
the corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case
is pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an
assignment of alt or substantially all of its assets to such a custodian (as that term is defined in
title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws) for
such Party or all or substantially all of its assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-
faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so;

(v) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership, conservatorship or

liquidation;
then the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Bank shall, except as set forth in
Subsection 11(d), cease to use the GAA Trademarks for Program marketing purposes, provided that
Bank may conclude all solicitations required by Applicable Law. Upon the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, Bank shall not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the GAA
Trademarks or to the Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection (c) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

10

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
