BR

93/02/2018 17:00 Fax a U-M_ogc

@oogroa3

timely review and approval by AAUM and University. Bank reserves the right of prior written

approval of all materials concemting or related to the Program that may be developed by or on
behalf of AAUM and University.

(c) Bank will bear all costs of prod

used in any AAUM Marketing

cing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
?ffort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of AAUM and University.

(@)

(e) Consistent with this Agreement, Bank will use and secure the Marketing Lists in strict and
absolute confidentiality, and will ensure that those employees, representatives and/or entities
handling the Marketing Lists do not use them for any other purpose not expressly permitted by

this Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement or upon the request of AAUM

or University, Bank will return

0 AAUM or University any Marketing Lists in its possession as

soon as reasonably possible, but in no event later than thirty (30) days. Bank will have the sole
right to designate Members on it Marketing Lists to whom promotional materia! will be sent.

These Marketing Lists are and
case may be. However, Bank
obtains as a result of an accou:
information becomes a part of
however that Bank will not us

ill vemain the sole property of AAUM and University, as the
ay maintain separately and will own all information that it -

? relationship or an application for an account relationship. This

ank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement; provided
this separate information in a manner that would imply an

endorsement by AAUM and University,

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, AAUM and University
acknowledge and agree that Bank may market any financial service products or services that
Bank or any Bank Affiliate offers (c.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank
Products") contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are
Not subject to this Agreement! However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when using AAUM?s or
University?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?,
as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation,
unless AAUM and University consent to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other
ptoducta and services that relpte to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and
$0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an acqount relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product.
All such information becom?s a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the
Agreement. Bank acknowleiiges that 1) no University Trademarks, alone or contained in
Program Trademarks, will be incorporated into any materials promoting or marketing Deposit
Offers or any Bank Product pther than a University-endorsed consumer credit card under the
Program; and 2) this Agreerhent does not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship by
University of Bank?s Depostts or Bank Products, except for the Credit Card Program. Other than
the products offered under the Credit Card Program, nothing in this Section shall in any way
limit University?s ability to sponsor, endorse, aid, develop or market the financial services
products of any other financial institution.

(f)

Page 8 of 32
CONFIDENTIAL

