11.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by GW as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle GW to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to
the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members
which do not contain or reference such coding shall not constitute GIP Accounts and will not qualify for any GIP
Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials and depictions (e.g., web-pages) to
be used in any Group Marketing Effort. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank, in its
sole and unfettered discretion, has control over the commencement, scope, timing, content, and continuation
of any Group Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, GW shall immediately discontinue any or all Group
Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. GW will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group Marketing
Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort at GW?s request will be promptly reimbursed by GW upon
demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, GW will comply and cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, Bank?s instruction, and Training.

(f) GW will advertise all the products offered under the Program on GW?s alumni home page and such
other prominent locations within the alumni internet site(s) of GW as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all
at GW?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an
application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply
for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink
or telephone number will entitle GW to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other
terms and conditions of this Agreement. GW will modify or remove advertisements within 24 hours of Bank?s
request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, GW will provide Bank with the ability (including unique
login credentials) to access any and all alumni pages within the GW internet site(s), including any ?members
only? or other restricted access pages that display alumni Program material.

(g) During the Term and as instructed by Bank, GW agrees to conduct, at its own expense Group Marketing
Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program including: (i) online marketing efforts (e.g., hyperlinks to a Bank
Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s)), standalone e-mails, e-newsletters,
welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, including placement of Deposit
applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s) within publication ads, magazine inserts,
welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal
notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERMINATION
(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate

this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the material
breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party does not cure or

-14-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
