?ISUAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of ISUAA. For the avoidance of doubt, ISUAA Affiliate does not
include ISU or any office or department of, or affiliated or associated with, ISU, including but not limited
to the lowa State University Department of Athletics and ISUTLO.

?ISUAA Reward Account? means, with respect to a Credit Card Account, the account opened pursuant
to ISUAA Rewards and the Terms and Conditions and associated with such Credit Card Account.

?ISUAA Trademarks? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font), logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin of ISUAA or its Affiliates
and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by ISUAA or any
ISUAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?ISUTLO? means the lowa State University Trademark Licensing Office.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing non-
duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers -
(including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least eighteen years of age
(except twenty-one years of age for residents of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), segmented by zip
codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Member? means a member, customer, or prospective member and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by ISUAA and Bank.

?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p)(1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank and (b)
any record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit
Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or
otherwise possessed by or on behalf of the Bank including a compilation of such records; all of which is
the Bank?s Information. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list, description, or other grouping
of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally
identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the fact that such consumers are,
or were Customers,

?Party? or ?Parties? Bank and ISUAA are each a Party to this Agreement and, collectively, are its Parties,
ISU is a signatory to this Agreement merely to acknowledge its awareness of the Parties? agreements
and understandings contained herein and those provisions pertaining to ISU.
