applicable, its subcontractors or any of its or their respective Representatives) prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are
confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information shall not be disclosed by such other Person to
any other Person, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Bank and
UCLAAA shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, lawyers, financial
advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary for the
performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information as
confidential in the above described manner or (ii) as required by law or requested by any Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party disclosing Information of the other Party to its
Agents shall be liable for any breach of this Section 7 by its Agents. The provisions of this Section 7 shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on June 30, 2021 (?Initial
Term").

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive one-year periods {each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT: VENUE

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or provisions
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the
Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be deemed for all purposes to be
made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded. Any action or proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement shall be filed and heard and litigated solely before the state or federal
courts located in California within Los Angeles County.

10. GROUP MARKETING

{a

?

UCLAAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by UCLAAA, including, but not limited to, any
GIP (?UCLAAA Marketing Effort?). UCLAAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging
in any UCLAAA Marketing Effort.

(b

=

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by UCLAAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle UCLAAA to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule
A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card
Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials available to, or inquiries from Members
which do not contain or reference such coding will not be GIP Accounts and not eligible for any GIP
Royalty.

(c

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any UCLAAA Marketing
Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
UCLAAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, UCLAAA shal! immediately discontinue any or all

Final Fxecution Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Affiniy Avreement (2)
