Royalties owed to AAAI within approximately 45 days after the end of the calendar quarter in which
expiration or termination occurs.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify AAAI in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
AAAI?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to AAAI, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in
the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement
as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable
survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case
as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to AAAI with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any
student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third
parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its
Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be
disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or
as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority
(including AAAI?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient
shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

12

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
