NOW THEREFORE. in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, UCFF and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will
have the meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or
organization directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with such entity or organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under
common control with? means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agreement? means this Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement and any
and all schedules, including Schedules A and B, etc.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory
examinations, agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable
self-regulatory organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual
term of VISA. MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) calendar month period starting with
the Effective Date and each consecutive twelve (12) calendar month period following the
anniversary of the Effective Date during the term of the Agreement.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to
the Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the
promotion thereof, Bank and UCFF mutually agree to offer pursuant to this Agreement to
the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts,
certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with
debit card access and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account

individual retirement accounts, and any other deposit product which is mutually agreed to
be offered within the Program by UCFF and Bank.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

Page 2 of 20
