(c) Any Accountholder List furnished to GAA may contain dummy information (e.g., names, account
information, addresses, etc, unknown to GAA.) for the purpose of detecting unauthorized use of an
Accountholder List. A violation of this Section is conclusively proven and the relief specified below will be
deemed owed when Bank establishes the following conditions: (i) that Bank placed dummy information
on the list (e.g., name(s), account information, address(es), etc.); (ii) that the dummy information
received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the scope of the permitted use of the
Accountholder List; and (iii) that identical dummy information was not furnished by Bank or its affiliates
to any third party.

(d) GAA agrees Bank will be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent violation or further violation by GAA
and/or its Members, employees, volunteers, agents, or representatives of this Section. Nothing in this
Agreement will be construed as prohibiting Bank from pursuing any other remedy on account of such
violation or further violation (including threatened violation).

(e) GAA will return to Bank each Accountholder List, in the same form as received by GAA within thirty (30)
days of receipt of such Accountholder List. On or before the effective date of termination of the
Agreement, GAA agrees that it will: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information; and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days all
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or
partial copies, or reproductions thereof in any medium whatsoever. GAA will perform all destruction of
Accountholder Lists and Accountholder Information in accordance with Bank's then current destruction
Policy.

(f) GAA will notify Bank in writing within twenty-four (24) hours in the event of a breach of security or the
detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information security breach or attempted breach that
could include the Accountholder List or Accountholder Information. GAA will cooperate fully with Bank
to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. GAA will reimburse Bank for its cost of producing
and mailing any notice required by law or regulation that informs the Accountholders of a security
breach. GAA will monitor industry-standard information channels (bugtraq, CERT, OEMs, etc.) for newly
identified system vulnerabilities and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and
timely manner. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that GAA will introduce
such fix or patch as soon as commercially reasonable after GAA becomes aware of the security problem.
This obligation extends to all devices that comprise GAA?s system, e?.g., application software, databases,
servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs, etc., and to all of GAA?s other Information handling
practices.

[Remainder of this page intentionally blank ? signature page follows}

16

Gen Alumni Assoc of UNC Chapel Hill Second A&R Affinity Agreement 2017-04-21
