SCHEDULE D
DESCRIPTION OF ASSOCIATION MARKETING ACTIVITIES AND MARKETING INVENTORY

Throughout the term of this Agreement, Association agrees to provide, engage in, and make otherwise
available to Bank the following marketing activities, marketing services and marketing inventory to
promote the Program and products included in the Royalty Arrangement in Schedule A. Association is
under no obligation to promote any other specific product or service of Bank or its Affiliates not
included in Schedule A. Both parties agree that minor changes to the elements outlined in this Schedule
may be made by mutual consent and documented in writing in the form of an annual ?Association
Marketing Plan? during the term of this Agreement without requiring new Addendums to this
Agreement to be executed by the parties.

A. CORPORATE PARTNER STATUS AND BENEFITS

In support of the covenants contained in Section 2(a), Association agrees to include Bank as official
endorsed corporate partner for Financial Service Products through the following activities:

1. Inclusion of Bank logo and hyperlink to Bank website in all Corporate Partner? listings and
Section(s) on Association website(s) pertaining to Corporate Partners.

2. Bank-produced brochures for Financial Services Products contained in Schedule A will be displayed
and available for visitors to pick up at the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center.

3. Association will send one time a Corporate Partner renewal announcement press release via its e-mail
system to all valid former student e-mail addresses in its database (except for email addresses coded as
?do-not-solicit? and ?do not contact?). Press release will be produced and approved by both parties, and
sent under an Association e-mail header. Press release may contain hyperlinks to a website and provide
a telephone number to enable a person to apply for any Financial Services Product included in Schedule
A.

4, Corporate Partner renewal announcement will also be posted on Association website(s) for a period of
one week following distribution via email as noted above.

5. Association will include in one issue of its monthly e-newsletter a brief summary of Corporate Partner
renewal announcement, with hyperlink to full text of press release, in its listing of news items from
Association.

B.WEBSITE PRESENCE

Note: Specific placements of Bank marketing materials on Association?s website AggieNetwork.com as
outlined below are subject to change, as noted in Section 11(f). The provisions of Section 11(c) apply
regarding Bank?s approval of Bank marketing materials placed on various pages of Association website.

1. Bank will be included in graphical elements on the home page that features named Association?s
corporate programs. Design and placement of such graphical elements are controlled by Association,
subject to Bank approval.

Page 24 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
