applicable to, or binding upon, a Party or to which such Party is subject, as the same may be amended and in
effect from time to time; provided, that, with respect to Bank, ?Applicable Law? means the foregoing, as or in
the manner implemented by Bank.

?Business Day? means any day, except Saturday, Sunday or a day on which national banks are authorized or
obligated by Applicable Law to be closed.

?Consumer Complaint? means any submission (using whatever means or media) by or on behalf of an individual
(including consumers, Members, and Customers) that expresses dissatisfaction with, or communicates suspicion
of wrongful conduct by, an identifiable Person related to such individual?s personal experience with any aspect
of the Bank?s products, policies or services including the Program and the conduct of GIP.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program that is
accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank agrees
to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit
accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money market deposit
account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion thereof, Bank
agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing regulation,
Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program (including
pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program, financial brokerage
products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card program or the functional
equivalent (e.g., token, digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product or service in the foregoing
and any other financial service programs or products.

?Foundation Affiliate? means any Affiliate of Foundation. For the purposes of this Agreement, ?Foundation
Affiliate? shall be expressly limited to UNCCAA and UNCCAA Affiliates. ?Foundation Affiliate? shall not include

any other UNC Charlotte boards, colleges, departments, units, office, organizations, or entities.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which Foundation and UNCCAA
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

-2-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
