reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the 15027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). AAAI will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors,
their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition
to delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) AAAI acknowledges that Bank has directed AAAI's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and AAAI
has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program in substantial compliance with
Applicable Law. The Parties agree that this Agreement may not be terminated for a breach of this
Section 3(a) unless such breach causes material adverse impact to the Program, AAAI, or a majority of
Customers under the Program.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of AAAI.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of AAAI.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of AAAI during the term of this Agreement. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall
own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account
relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement;
provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an
endorsement by AAAI.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) AAAI and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may

10

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
