10.

or inconvenience to a Member or applicant in respect of the Program; and (iv) ensure the proper return
or disposal of confidential information, including Information.

(e) During the Term and thereafter until NYU and its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives and Agents no longer have in their possession or control Bank?s Information NYU will
(and require their Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to): (i) notify Bank in
writing within twenty four hours; and (ii) promptly call the Bank of America Incident Response Team at
(800) 207-2322, Option 1 (or such other toll-free number provided by Bank from time to time) in the
event of a breach of security or the detection of any suspicious activity relating to an information
security breach or attempted breach that could include Information, whether in NYU?s possession or in
the possession of an affiliate, employee, volunteer, agent, and/or Representative. NYU will cooperate
fully (and require its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents to cooperate fully)
with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. NYU will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security
breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. As of the Effective Date, and throughout the Term, NYU represents and warrants that it
monitors industry standard information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities and fixes or
patches any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on June 30,
2027 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to allow auto-renew at least 90 and not more
than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

(a) This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to principles relating to conflicts of law.

(b) The courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York will have exclusive jurisdiction over the Parties with respect to any dispute or controversy
between them arising under or in connection with this Agreement and, by execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the parties to this Agreement submit to the jurisdiction of those courts, including, but not
limited to, the in personam jurisdiction of those courts, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction on
the grounds of venue or forum non conveniens, or the absence of in personam jurisdiction.

GROUP MARKETING

-14-
