AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This Agreement is entered into as of this We) day of , 1999 (the "Effective Date") by and
between MBNA AMERICA BANK, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of
business in Wilmington, Delaware ("MBNA America"), and SAINT LOUIS UNIVERSITY, having its
principal place of business in St. Louis, Missouri ("SLU") for themselves, and their respective successors and
assigns.

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America are parties to an affinity agreement, as the same may have
been amended (the "Original Agreement"), wherein MBNA America provides certain financial services to
certain persons included in certain lists provided to MBNA America by or on behalf of SLU; and

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America mutually desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
SLU and MBNA America agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS
When used in this Agreement,
(a) "Agreement" means this agreement and Schedules A and B.

(b) "Credit Card Account" means a credit card account opened by a Member in response to marketing
efforts made pursuant to the Program. A ?Plus Miles Credit Card Account? is a Credit Card Account carrying
the Plus Miles enhancement.

(c) "Customer" means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

(d) "Financial Service Products" means credit card programs, charge card programs, debit card programs,
installment loan programs, revolving loan programs, deposit programs, long distance calling card programs
and travel and entertainment card programs, The definition of Financial Service Products shall not include a
business credit card program or a phone card program offered solely to SLU?s employees and any student loan
programs offered by other institutions.

(e) "Mailing Lists" means updated and current lists and/or magnetic tapes (in a format designated by
MBNA America) containing names, postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers of Members
segmented by zip codes or reasonably selected membership characteristics.

(f) "Member" means a member of SLU and/or other potential participants mutually agreed to by SLU and
MBNA America.
(g) "Program" means those programs and services of the Financial Service Products MBNA America

agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.
(h) "Royalties" means the compensation set forth in Schedule B.

(i) "Trademarks" means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade
name, or trademark used or acquired by SLU during the term of this Agreement.

SLU4.doc:PRIVATE:S:SLU4
