03/02/2016 18:58 FAX mS 004/033

U-W_OGC
@

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP" means any credit card marketing or program whereby
AAUM conducts and funds policitation efforts for credit card products offered under the
Program, and the parties mutually agree that such merketing or other program shall constitute a

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing
non-duplicate names, with corresponding last known postal addregses and, when available,
telephone numbers (including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least
eighteen years of age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership
characteristics.

"Member" means (i) alumni pf the University who are members of AAUM, and/or (ii) other
potential participants mutually agreed to by AAUM, University and Bank.

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R.
?1016.3(p) (1) and shall be deemed to include Accountholder Information; and all of which shall

- also be deemed the Bank?s Information but shall not include such Information where it has been
compiled and/or maintained by AAUM or University independent of this Agreement.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account catrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Business Account? means 4 Business Credit Card Account carrying a
Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Business|GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Business Account
opened pursuant to a GIP in which AAUM complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as pert of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (eg, BecAnercad Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from
0:

time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a
GIP in which AAUM complies with the GIP provisions of the Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial
Service Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to

time.

trade dress, trade name, or

lemark developed either jointly or by cither party (including its

?Program Trademarks? ore any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,

Affiliates) during the term of
services offered by Bank t
necessarily consist of an AAU.
elements,

is Agreement and used to promote or identify products or

the Program, Program Trademarks may but need not
Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other

Page 3 of 31
CONRIDENTIAL
