(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that GUAA Trademarks
remain in use hereunder, GUAA represents and warrants to Bank that GUAA has the right and power to
license GUAA Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the
Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. GUAA shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of their successors and
assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims (?Liabilities?) and shall reimburse
Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court
expenses) (?Costs?) arising from the license granted herein, from Bank's use of the GUAA Trademarks in
reliance thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program, except for those
Liabilities and Costs arising from the Bank?s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Party shall
promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the
use of any GUAA Trademarks or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, GUAA represents and warrants that it is not
the subject of any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
?Sanctions?), nor is GUAA located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of
Sanctions. GUAA represents and warrants that it has not, nor will it during the Term, violate any
Sanctions. GUAA represents and warrants that it will not use this Agreement or any of the benefits
obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person or in any country or territory,
that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will
result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

{a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to GUAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to GUAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as
otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network's interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has

?11+
