AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
lowa State University Alumni Association

This Affinity Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1% day of October, 2019 (the ?Effective
Date") by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington,
Delaware (?Bank?), lowa State University Alumni Association, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation having its
principal place of business in Ames, lowa (?ISUAA?), and for the limited purposes as specified herein, lowa State
University of Science and Technology (?/SU"), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, ISUAA, ISU, in a limited capacity as set forth therein, and Bank are parties to that certain
Affinity Agreement dated July 1, 2012, as the same may have been amended and that certain Group Incentive
Program and Marketing Agreement dated July 1, 2012, as the same may have been amended (collectively
?Previous Agreements?), wherein Bank provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain
lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of ISUAA; and,

WHEREAS, ISUAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreements in their
entirety and, for the sake of administrative efficiency and convenience, combine them into this single
Agreement as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, ISUAA
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of its opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed. \
?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through B, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local law (including common
law), ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory
examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or
administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing; (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of seif-
regulatory organizations; (iii) rules, regulations, and restrictions, requirement or contractual term of
