(c} UCLAAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d

UCLAAA shail have the right of prior approval of the use of a UCLAAA Trademark in Program advertising
and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a UCLAAA Trademark. If the Bank incurs a
cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in UCLAAA Trademarks and is
unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any
Royalties due UCLAAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due UCLAAA, if requested by Bank, UCLAAA
shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UCLAAA shall provide Bank with its entire
and complete Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UCLAAA shall not include in
any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly
requested that UCLAAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the
age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because
of a charge assessed by UCLAAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing
List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due UCLAAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due
UCLAAA, if requested by Bank, UCLAAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. UCLAAA shall
provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least two hundred twenty-
five thousand (225,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days
after UCLAAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, UCLAAA represents and
warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including but
not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f} UCLAAA shall, and shall cause any UCLAAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to UCLAAA.
Notwithstanding the above, UCLAAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to UCLAAA. Any correspondence received by UCLAAA that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by UCLAAA shall be paid by Bank.

?

UCLAAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use UCLAAA Trademarks on
Financial Service Products issued in conjunction with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee
of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply
to UCLAAA Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such UCLAAA Trademarks by operation of law
or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UCLAAA shail provide
Bank all UCLAAA Trademark production materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by Bank for use in
the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UCLAAA?s execution of this Agreement.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UCLAAA from granting to other persons a license to use
UCLAAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products. UCLAAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank that it has the exclusive
right to grant such license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. The Parties expect that upon the
Effective Date, the Parties will primarily use the UCLAAA Trademarks depicted on Exhibit 1 in the
Program.

(

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a UCLAAA
Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use such

Final Execut on Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Aff nity Agreement (2)
