(b

(c

(e

(g

provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the
conclusion of the Wind-Down Period for a period of two years.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program except for
materials used in any Fordham Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all
materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of Fordham.

Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials used in
any Fordham Marketing Effort.

Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of Fordham.

Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to transfer, assign or use
them for any other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate, in compliance with Applicable
Law, Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These
Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of Fordham. However, Bank may maintain
separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an
application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be
subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information ina
manner that would imply an endorsement by Fordham.

Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place Fordham Trademarks on gifts for individuals
completing applications and on other premium items, including without limitation t-shirts, hats,
?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Fordham?s and Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit
Card Account applications. Bank will use reasonable efforts to order such items from those duly licensed
manufacturers and distributors of Fordham made known to Bank by Fordham provided that the cost to
purchase such items is equal to or less than the cost to purchase items of equal quality through a
manufacturer or distributor Bank contacts to provide such items. Fordham shall have approval of the
use and appearance of Fordham Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but
grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay
any third party (e.g., any producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) Royalties
or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of Fordham or a Fordham
Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. Fordham waives such payments from any third party (ies) (and/or
agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third party
should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the
realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, Fordham acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products") contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
Bank agrees that it shall not, when using Fordham?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products
(excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound

8

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
