each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay

Royalties or any other compensation to UCIAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any
student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS
Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the

Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information,
proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information and information of third
parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party (or, to the extent applicable, its
Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives, and collectively with the other Party,
?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
(?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Information shall be deemed to include |
information developed, produced or derived from any of the foregoing. Such Information shall not be
disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or
as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?) as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental Authority |
{including UCIAA?s compliance with 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Recipient shall be liable for any breach of the Section by its Agents.

(c) UCIAA shall keep and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to keep |
all Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information, the Accountholder List and Accountholder
information) confidential and shall not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give
away, barter, lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to make or transfer) any such information to
any other entity or individual for any reason, except as required by this Agreement or for uses agreed to
in writing by Bank prior to any such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, UCIAA shall be liable for any
breach of this Section by its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives. if UCIAA receives a
request or demand to disclose Information (including Nonpublic Personal Information, the
Accountholder List and Accountholder Information) pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of
competent jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or committee, UCIAA
will: (i) immediately notify Bank of the existence, terms, and circumstances surrounding such request; '
(ii) consult with Bank on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request;

and (iii) if disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable, exercise its best efforts to

-13-

Draft - University of California Irvine Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2016-06-28

