?Net Retail Spend? means with respect to a Credit Card Account in good standing, as of a given date of
determination and for a given period of time during the Term, the aggregate retail purchases (in U.S.
dollars) debited to a Credit Card Account, net of: (i) transactions that relate to refunds, returns and/or
unauthorized transactions; (ii) transactions that are cash advances or equivalents (e.g., bank cash
advances, direct deposit cash advances, wire transfers, balance transfers, access checks, the purchase of
wire transfers, person to person money transfers, money orders, bets, ATM withdrawals, off-track wagers,
lottery tickets or transactions, casino gaming chips, or crypto-currencies); and/or (iii) Credit Card Account
fees, costs and charges (e.g., balance transfer fees, finance charges, late fees, overlimit fees, annual fees,
returned check, cash advance transaction fees, credit insurance premiums, debt cancellations charges,
non-product or service-related transactions).

?Nonpublic Personal Information? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in 12 C.F.R. ?1016.3(p) (1)
and includes (a) information relating to the customers of the Bank or their accounts with Bank, and (b)
any record about an individual that is a consumer report as such term is defined in the Fair Credit
Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is derived from a consumer report and that is maintained or
otherwise possessed by or on behalf of the Bank. Nonpublic Personal Information includes any list,
description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that
is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available such as the
fact that such consumers are or were Customers.

?NYUAA Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by NYU (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives))
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?NYU Affiliate? means any Affiliate of NYU operating solely within the United States.

?NYUAA Marketing Channels? means NYUAA events and digital channels (e.g. e-newsletter and
website) and any other marketing channels mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

?NYUAA Trademark? means any design, emblem, image, visual representation (including any font),
logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark and other indicia of origin used or acquired by
NYU or its Affiliates and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing prior to or
during the Term, as set forth on Schedule C, including any revised, replacement, or successor
trademarks of such NYUAA Trademarks. Schedule C will be deemed automatically amended without
further action of the Parties to include any additional design, image, visual representation, logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark that NYU approves for Bank?s use in connection with the
Program, and any new NYUAA Trademark developed as a successor or replacement of, or as a
modification to, any NYUAA Trademark.

?Party? or ?Parties? has the meaning ascribed to each such word in the preamble.

?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (including any department, agency or political subdivision

thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.
