(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
ACS Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. ACS may not (and
shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. ACS shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i Within 24 hours of receipt, ACS shal! refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of ACS (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, ACS shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{n)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain ACS Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis ACS shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, ACS shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing ACS Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by
ACS, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, ACS agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. ACS grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of ACS, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) ACS shail, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
ACS Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the
Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. ACS shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete,
accurate and timely performance of all ACS Activities, whether performed by ACS or any Subcontractor
{including their respective Representatives). ACS shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or
omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to
properly perform any of ACS?s obligation under this Agreement, including the ACS Activities. The
provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(o) Upon prior written notice, ACS shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of ACS and Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) with respect to ACS?s and its Subcontractor?s {and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, ACS Activities and performance of ACS?s

-8-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update _3yr_v1.docxBraft?American-Chemicat Seciety
fini B 3918-08-43
