()

(f)

(g)

(h)

12.

(a)

(b)

(c)

CAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any CAA
Marketing Effort. Upon request, Bank will provide guidance to CAA regarding compliance, but
for clarity, CAA is solely responsible for compliance with applicable law for any CAA
Marketing Effort.

CAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on CAA?s home page and
member benefits page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the
internet site(s) of CAA as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at CAA?s expense. Bank may
establish a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site),
or may provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for
each advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to
such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle CAA to the GIP compensation set forth in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. CAA will modify or
remove such advertisements within seventy-two (72) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank
to view all Program material, CAA will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages
within the CAA internet site(s) that display Program material, including without limitation any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, CAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following CAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: (i)
online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or
Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to,
standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline
marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads,
magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

During the term of this Agreement, CAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following CAA Marketing Efforts for the Program:

i. Promote the Program in member benefits emails to Members at least twice during each
year of the Agreement;

li. promote the Program on the main page and under member benefits in alumni event
communications, at least twice during each year of the Agreement; and

lii. promote the Program on the main page and above the fold (as available) in each monthly

alumni newsletter.
MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7, 10(c), 10(d), 10(f) and 11(e) will survive the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

Page 10 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
