DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other
than Bank. In addition, if UM or any UM Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such
sales, UM shall not, and shall cause UM Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of
payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, UM may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi
transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain
an express or implied endorsement by UM of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial
Service Product.

Notwithstanding the forgoing, UM or a UM Affiliate may endorse, sponsor, advertise, aid,
develop, market, and solicit proposals from any entity other than Bank for the Prepaid/Purchasing
Programs.

(b) UM agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) UM authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) UM shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an UM Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the UM Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory
of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UM. If such costs
exceed Royalties then due UM, upon demand UM shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UM shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UM shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that UM not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by UM or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due UM. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand UM shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, UM shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least one hundred thirty-five thousand (135,000) non-duplicate Member names, as
soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UM?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery
to Bank, UM represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UM shall, and shall cause any UM Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to UM. Notwithstanding the above, UM may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to UM. Any correspondence received by UM that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by UM shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by UM that are intended

a &

ExecuTiON Copy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
