?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the
promotion thereof that Bank and UCFF mutually agree to offer to the Members pursuant
to this Agreement. UCFF has several legacy and other endorsed deposit programs with
other local and/or regional financial service providers including credit unions and the
like. For purposes of clarification, the Deposit Program endorsement by UCFF and/or
UCFF Affiliates has not been and will not be exclusive. UCFF agrees to notify Bank if,
during the term of the Agreement, there is a change to the existing local and/or regional
financial service providers of deposit products.

?Financial Service Product? means any Credit Card Program, charge card program.
debit card program, installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
financial brokerage products or services program, Deposit Program, travel and
entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of any product or service in the
foregoing programs, and any other financial service programs or products as agreed to by
UCFF as outlined in quarterly meetings and/or conference calls between Bank and
UCFF. For purposes of clarification, the Deposit Program endorsement by UCFF and/or
UCFF Affiliates has not been and will not be exclusive.

?Member Contact List? means an updated and current list (in a format mutually agreed
upon by the parties) containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal
addresses and. when available, telephone numbers (including area codes) and e-mail
addresses of all Members who are reasonably believed to be at least eighteen years of
age, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics. The
Member Contact List will not contain the names of individuals reasonably believed to be
current students of the University. ?Member Contact List? includes any whole or partial
copies or compilations of a Member Contact List in any form or any medium and any
information derived therefrom.

?Member? means a constituent of University of Central Florida Alumni Association (e.g.
alum, past student, supporter, friend, and the like) and/or other potential participants
mutually agreed to by UCFF and Bank.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.?

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may
be marketed under a name (e.g., BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by
Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the
Financial Service Products Bank offers pursuant to this Agreement to the Members.

?Program Trademarks? means any design. image, visual representation, logo, service

mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either party
(including its Affiliates) during the term of this Agreement and used to promote or

Page 3 of 20
