(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall
not constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that UDAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, UDAA represents and warrants
to Bank that UDAA has the right and power to license UDAA Trademarks and will obtain and
maintain the right and power to sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as
contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the
promotion of the Program. UDAA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, those of its
Affiliates providing services hereunder (including their respective Representatives) and their
successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall
reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the
case may be, from Bank's use of the UDAA Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance
thereon or from the use of any Marketing List(s} by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall
promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license
or the use of any UDAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing List. The provisions of
this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, UDAA represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Representatives or Agents is the subject of any sanctions administered or
enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United
Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is UDAA or its Representatives located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. UDAA represents
and warrants that neither it nor any of its Representatives has violated, or during the term of
this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. UDAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its
Representatives, or Agents will use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder
to fund or engage in any activities with any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the
time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will
result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement

(d) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, UDAA represents and warrants that it
shail not allow University, or individuals or entities implementing Other Programs on behalf of
University, to advertise, solicit, or market a Financial Service Product to Members, regardless of

an individual Member?s status as also a member of University?s staff, faculty, or employee.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall
pay Royalties as described in Schedule A to UDAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to UDAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and
ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
