representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. JMG grants (and
will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor
and review such compliance on the part of JMG, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) JMG shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide
Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training
and Bank?s reasonable instruction. JMG shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance of all Activities, whether performed by JMG, or any Subcontractor (including their
respective Representatives). JMG shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its
Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly
perform any of JMG?s obligation under this Agreement, including the Activities. The provisions of this
paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, JMG shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of JMG and Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) with respect to JMG?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, JMG?s Activities and performance of
JMG?s duties and obligations hereunder (including Activities and whether undertaken or conducted by
or delegated to JMG?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of
Bank?s written notice. JMG shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with
Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. JMG?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
cooperate as aforesaid or to (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written
notice to JMG shall be deemed a material breach by JMG of this Agreement. The provisions of this
Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(I) JMG shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, ina reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank
with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from
the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law.
Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to Members other than applicants
or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with JMG Activities. JMG
will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within
JMG?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective
Representatives). At Bank?s written request, JMG shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a
protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of the Agreement for two years.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of JMG or otherwise made
available to JMG and requested in writing by Bank, JMG will promptly deliver to Bank at JMG? s expense
a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering
JMG?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing
JMG?s Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any
