$75.00 (seventy-five dollars) for each Business Rewards GIP Account opened by a
Customer, without regard to the number of authorized cardholders under such Business
Rewards GIP Account, which remains opened for at least ninety (90) consecutive days,
and which is utilized by the Customer within the first ninety (90) days of the Business
Rewards GIP Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is
not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.
Such Business Rewards GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

F. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to the Deposit Accounts set forth below and
shall not apply to any other Deposit Account. Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to Association
on any existing deposit account that is converted to the Program.

1.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking Deposit Account opened under the Program
which has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day
from the account opening date.

An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking Deposit Account opened under the
Program that has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent
anniversary of the account opening date.

G. ROYALTY ADVANCES.

1.

Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement and upon each annual
anniversary of the Effective Date in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, Bank shall pay to
Association the sum of nine hundred thousand dollars ($900,000), and in 2019 Bank
shall pay to Association the sum of eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($850,000),
and in 2020 Bank shall pay to Association the sum of eight hundred thousand dollars
($800,000) (each, an "Advance"), as an advance against future Royalties, subject to the
provisions set forth below. All Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to
Association, be applied against each of the Advances until such time as all Advances are
fully recouped. Any Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid to Association as set forth
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated
to pay any additional Advances to Association hereunder, and (y) Association hereby
promises to pay Bank upon demand an amount equal to the difference between the total
amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Royalties
credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any
of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in
this Agreement as of the Effective Date;

(ii) Association breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(ili) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented by Association from conducting
at least five (5) direct mail campaigns to the full updated Marketing List

Page 18 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
