(c)

(a)

)

(g)

by this Section 2(h). Foundation and UNCCAA may not use any Program Trademark, except to
promote ihe Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Foundation and UNCCAA shall not register or attempt to register any Program Trademark.
Bank shall not register or attempt to register any UNCCAA Trademark or University Trademark.
Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain UNCCAA Trademarks or University
Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank
through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Programa
except for materials used in any ENCCAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior
written approval of all materialg concerning opelated to the Program that may be developed by
or on behalf of UNEGAA. Feunda lion

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any UNGAR Marketing Effgtt.

Foundation) Va
Bank will make all credit decisions and will Qear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of UNCCAA.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of UNCCAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all
information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account
relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this
Agreement; provided however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that
would imply an endorsement by UNCCAA.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, UNCCAA acknowledges
and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any
Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively "Bank Products")
contemporancously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject
to this Agreement. However, Bank agrees that it shall not, when using UNCCAA?s Marketing
Lists for Deposits, market Bank Products (excluding ?Deposits Offers?, as defined below), in
direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless UNCCAA
consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits.Offers? means any
and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and services that relate to or
have a connection with Deposits (e.g, Online Banking and $0 Trade), Bank may maintain
separately all information it obtains as a result of an account application for, and/or an account
relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such information becomes a part
of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

Page 6 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
