12.

provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of Bank, or offered
any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members. The provisions of this Subsection
11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(g) If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this
Agreement without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to BAA effective as of the
date specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

MISCELLANEOUS

{a) This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement
signed by the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature
block? identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a);
provided, however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail
delivered as provided below in Subsection 12(f).

(b) This Agreement (a) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (b) collectively constitute the
entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (c) supersede(s),
merge(s), and integrate(s) herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions,
representations, understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Previous
Agreement, the Term Sheet and the Confidentiality Agreement), whether oral or written, with respect to
the subject matter hereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be
construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written
waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver.
No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 12(c) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Titles, captions, and headings included herein are for convenience of reference only and are not
to affect the meaning, construction, or interpretation hereof or of any provision hereof.

(e) It is the desire and intent of the Parties that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the
fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction in which
enforcement is sought. Accordingly, if any particular provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated by
a court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental Authority to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable
for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or
unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn, without
invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

(f) All notices required by this Agreement must be given in writing in order to be valid. Notices
shall be deemed given: (i) upon receipt if sent hand delivery or facsimile; (ii) 1 business day after sending
10

Dart - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)
