(g)

(h)

(i)

G)

(k)

()

Orlando. Florida 32816
(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N. A.

MS DES-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Fax #: (206) 585-9732

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

(1) This GIP Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
the matters covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements. written or
oral, with respect to the matters covered herein. This GIP Agreement does not and is not
intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement between the
parties that survives termination of that agreement.

(2) The Royalty Agreement shall govern the assignment and/or transfer of the parties?
respective rights and/or obligations under this GIP Agreement.

(3) Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this
Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this GIP Agreement may be
offered through Bank Affiliates.

Bank and UCFF are not agents. representatives or employees of each other and neither party will
have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly
provided by this Agreement.

Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or will be construed to confer upon
or give any person other than UCFF and Bank. their successors and assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

UCFF recognizes and agrees that Bank's goodwill and reputation in the marketplace are valuable
and intangible assets: therefore, UCFF agrees that it will not conduct itself or engage in any
activity in a manner that may adversely affect these assets. In the event Bank determines that
UCFF does not so conduct itself. Bank may terminate this Agreement, effective immediately.

Neither party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise. to any person or
entity which criticizes, disparages. condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other
or any of its Affiliates, whether or not the statement is true and whether or not it is characterized
as confidential.

Neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire. flood. explosion. terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government

Page 7 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
