10.
(g):

11.

@ y

@ E-MAIL SOLICITATIONS

(i) Upon the request of MBNA America, FIUF shall provide to MBNA America a
list of e-mail addresses of its Members; provided, however, that FIUF shall not include in
any such list the e-mail address of those Members who have expressly requested that
FIUF not provide his/her personal information to third parties. FIUF or any entity
affiliated with FIUF shall not prohibit or otherwise prevent MBNA America from
conducting up to four (4) direct e-mail campaigns to the full updated e-mail list during
each consecutive twelve month period during the term of the Agreement. More than four
(4) direct e-mail campaigns to the full updated e-mail list during each consecutive twelve
month period during the term of the Agreement may be conducted if mutually agreed to
by FIUF and MBNA America.

(ii) If at any time the number of Member complaints received by FIUF concerning
MBNA America?s e-mail solicitation efforts is twenty-five (25) or more for that
particular e-mail campaign, FIUF shall notify MBNA of that fact and FIUF may, at its
option exercisable within ten days after providing MBNA America such notice, withdraw
its approval of such e-mail solicitations and all such e-mail solicitations shall cease. The
parties may mutually agree to cease ongoing e-mail solicitations at any time.

(iii) The parties agree to communicate as soon and as often as practicable to develop a
plan and timeframe for the improvement and resumption of such e-mail marketing
efforts. FIUF agrees to make best efforts to notify MBNA America of any emergent
trends in Member complaints directed to FIUF concerning the Program e-mail efforts, so
as to allow MBNA America a reasonable opportunity to rectify such issues to avert the
occurrence of FIUF receiving twenty-five (25) or more complaints as set forth above.

Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new subsections (f) and

(f) MBNA America shall notify FIUF of its scheduled marketing dates for the Program. The
parties agree to cooperate with each other so that MBNA's solicitation for the Program does not
conflict with FIUF's solicitation of its Members FIUF's annual fund drive.

(g) In conjunction with MBNA America?s marketing of the Program, MBNA America
(through its subsidiary MBNA Marketing Systems, Inc., or other affiliate, subsidiary or third
party designated by MBNA America) will use commercially reasonable efforts to support FIUF
educating its undergraduate Student Members about the risks and responsibilities associated with
using a credit card as mutually agreed to by MBNA America and FIUF. Such education may
include MBNA America providing supplemental educational materials with Student Credit Card
Accounts, ?.g., a credit education brochure (currently titled, Good Credit, Great Future and
Importance of Maintaining Solid Credit) to those Customers who identify themselves as a student
currently enrolled in the Florida International University and credit education and money-
management seminars on the campus of Florida International University at such locations
or events as mutually agreed upon by the parties.

The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following at the end of Section 12(b): "The

rights and obligations set forth in Section 13 of this Agreement (except MBNA America?s obligation to
provide FIUF with a Customer List) shall survive the termination of the Agreement."
