(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period thereafter that Bank has
the right to use the USCAA Trademarks or University Trademarks to wind down the Program as provided
herein, USCAA represents and warrants to Bank that USCAA has the right and power to license USCAA
Trademarks and sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this
Agreement and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. USCAA shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and
all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall
reimburse Bank?s actual costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case
may be from Bank's use of the USCAA Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon or
from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the
other Party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any USCAA
Trademarks, University Trademarks, or Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, USCAA represents and warrants that neither
it nor its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of any
sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?, nor is USCAA or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident ina country or territory that is the
subject of Sanctions. USCAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. USCAA represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay
Royalties as described in Schedule A to USCAA with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to USCAA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH
Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as
otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) On or before the forty-fifth (45") day after the end of each calendar quarter during the term of
this Agreement, Bank will provide USCAA with a statement showing the number of Credit Card Accounts
opened, the number of Credit Card Accounts renewed and the retail purchase transaction dollar volume
(excluding those transactions that relate to refunds, returns and unauthorized transactions), made
during the preceding calendar quarter on the Credit Card Accounts. Bank will also provide to USCAA ona

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
