and/or (2) are cash equivalent transactions (?.g., the purchase of wire transfers,
person to person money transfers, bets, lottery tickets, or casino gaming chips)).

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened, which
remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the Premium Reward GIP
Account?s opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or otherwise disputed.
Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

D. DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS

Deposits Royalty compensation provisions will only apply to the Deposit Accounts set forth below and
shall not apply to any other Deposit Account, Further, Deposit Royalties will not be paid to Foundation
on any existing deposit account that is converted to the Program.

1.

$10.00 (ten dollars) for each new checking Deposit Account opened under the Program
which has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) as of the ninetieth (90") day
from the account opening date.

An additional $2.00 (two dollars) for every checking Deposit Account opened under the
Program that has a positive balance of at least $50.00 (fifty dollars) on each subsequent
anniversary of the account opening date.

?B: ROYALTY ADVANCES.

1.

Within forty-five (45) days of full execution of this Agreement, Bank shall pay to
Foundation the sum of thirty-five thousand dollars ($35,000) and upon each annual
anniversary of the Effective Date, Bank shall pay to Foundation the sum of thirty-three
thousand dollars ($33,000) in 2015, thirty-one thousand five hundred dollars ($31,500) in
2016, thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) in 2017, and twenty-eight thousand five hundred
dollars in 2018 (each, an "Advance"), as an advance against future Eligible Royalties,
subject to the provisions set forth below. All Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of
direct payment to Foundation, be applied against each of the Advances until such time as
all Advances are fully recouped. Any Eligible Royalties accrued thereafter shall be paid
to Foundation as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank
shall no longer be obligated to pay any additional Advances to Foundation hereunder, and
(y) Foundation hereby promises to pay Bank upon demand an amount equal to the
difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the total amount
of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of
such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (v) below
should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in
this Agreement as of the Effective Date;

(ii) Foundation breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

Page 18 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
