DocuSign Envelope iD: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

(c} Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Communication Effort.

(d) Bank shall make al! credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account{s) independently of University of Colorado Boulder.

(e) Bank shall use the Member Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Member Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Member Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Member Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of University of Colorado Boulder. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all
information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account
relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement;
provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an
endorsement by University of Colorado Boulder.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) University of Colorado Boulder and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that
as of the Effective Date:

(i} It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

{ii} It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

{iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

{v} The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

{b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that University of Colorado
Boulder Trademarks remain in use hereunder, University of Colorado Boulder represents and warrants
to Bank that University of Colorado Boulder has the right and power to license University of Colorado
Boulder Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Member
List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program, Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon
learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any University of Colorado
Boulder Trademarks or Member Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b} shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement.

{c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, University of Colorado Boulder represents
and warrants that to the best of its knowledge it is not the subject of any sanctions imposed by

-41-
