the UBAA Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(k) Upon prior written notice, UBAA shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of UBAA and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to UBAA?s and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws
and records as they relate to the Program, Information security, UBAA Activities and performance of
UBAA?s duties and obligations hereunder (including UBAA Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to UBAA?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank shall
have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is
within 10 days of Bank?s written notice. UBAA shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors
(and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to
compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections.
UBAA?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to cooperate as aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its
Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30
days of written notice to UBAA shall be deemed a material breach by UBAA of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(k) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a
period of two years.

(I) UBAA shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to UBAA Activities for the period of time as instructed in
writing by the Bank with respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a
period of 7 years from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by
Applicable Law. Records available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to UBAA?s
customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not
associated with UBAA Activities. UBAA will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental
Authority for Bank?s Information within UBAA?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its
Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, UBAA shall reasonably
cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of
this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of
the Wind-Down Period.

(m) During the Term, solely to the extent prepared by or on behalf of UBAA or otherwise made
available to UBAA and requested in writing by Bank, UBAA will promptly deliver to Bank at UBAA? s
expense a copy of findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report
covering UBAA?s and Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization
providing UBAA Activities such as an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement
reports hereafter provided for by the American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports
on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports
hereafter provided for by the 15027000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any
successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board or any successor organization). UBAA will not require, and will cause its
Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further
agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

-9-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
