(a)

from any Royalties due WFU. In the event such costs exceed Royalties then due WFU, if
requested by Bank. WFU will promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(g) At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, WFU will

provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however. that WFU will not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who
has expressly requested that WFU not provide his/her personal information to third parties. In
the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by WFU or its agents for an initial
Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties
due WFU. WFU will provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at
least fifty thousand (50,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than
thirty (30) days after WFU?s execution of this Agreement.

(h) WFU will, and will cause any WFU Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise

(i

G

S

communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to WFU.
Notwithstanding the above, WFU may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to WFU. Any correspondence received by WFU
that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded
to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All
reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by WFU will be paid by Bank.

WFU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the WFU
Trademarks solely in conjunction with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this
Agreement. This license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will apply
to the WFU Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such WFU Trademarks by operation of
law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. WFU will
provide Bank all WFU Trademark production materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by
Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after WFU?s
execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits WFU from granting to
other persons a license to use the WFU Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
WFU Trademark. with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank
may use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). WFU
may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services
offered by Bank through the Program. WFU shall not register or attempt to register any Program
Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any WFU Trademark. Bank may use
Program Trademarks that contain WFU Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any
products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the
term of this Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
Bank will design, develop. maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Page 5 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
