e references to ?months? and ?years? means calendar months and years unless otherwise specified;

e to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by
either or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement,
approval or consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment;

? to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other,
unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed;

. text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in parentheses;

. any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision means such statute or
statutory provision as it has been amended through the date as of which the particular portion of
this Agreement is to take effect, or to any successor statute or statutory provision relating to the
same subject as the statutory provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable
rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

? unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this
Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or
exhibits, renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement,
instrument or document;

? references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount
at the close of business on such day;

? any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be
due on the first Business Day thereafter;

. References to money or dollar amounts (?S$?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise
specified;

? A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

. accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles;

? terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning,

and those terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall
be interpreted in accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other
business contexts; and,

? when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be
done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating
such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period
shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF USCAA

(a)(1) USCAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that USCAA shall
not, by itself or in conjunction with others: (i) endorse, sponsor, advertise, develop, market, solicit
proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank (provided that, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth herein, USCAA may during the final one hundred eighty (180) days of the term of this
Agreement solicit proposals for programs offering, and may discuss with any organization the providing
of, Financial Service Products and any other products or services); (ii) license, allow others to license, or
use or allow to exist the use by others of the USCAA Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products (or the use of any Financial Service Products) of any entity other than Bank, or
license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the University Trademarks in
relation to or for promoting any debit card or credit card products; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists,
or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial
Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if USCAA sells any product or service, in

USCAA Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy) (002)
