SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
The Ex-Students Association of The University of Texas

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1* day of July, 2019 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, Inc.), a national banking
association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and The Ex-Students Association of The University
of Texas, a corporation having its principal place of business in Austin, Texas (?ESAUT?), for themselves and their
respective successors and assigns. Bank and ESAUT are sometimes referred to individually as a ?Party? and
collectively as the ?Parties.?

WHEREAS, ESAUT and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement dated
January 1, 2013, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), pursuant to which Bank provides certain

financial services to certain persons included in the marketing lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of ESAUT; and

WHEREAS, ESAUT and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety
as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, ESAUT
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether
used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of
Interpretation therein shall apply to this Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the meanings given
to them where they are defined.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF ESAUT

(a) (i) ESAUT agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that
neither ESAUT nor any ESAUT Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or
discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use
by others of the ESAUT Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to
sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about
any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if ESAUT or any ESAUT Affiliate sells any product or
service, in connection with such sales, ESAUT shall not, and shall cause ESAUT Affiliates not to,
favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of
payment offered under the Program; provided that this shall not prohibit ESAUT from selling any
product or service on a cash-only basis from time to time at cash-only bars, at tailgating parties,
cash-only merchandise sales and other limited situations. Notwithstanding anything else in this
Agreement to the contrary, ESAUT may accept (a) print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted)
advertising from any financial institution for any products or services that do not compete with
the Financial Service Products or (b) the underwriting, funding, or sponsorship of a scholarship by
