3. Professional Liability (Errors and Omissions) Insurance of at least $2,000,000 per
occurrence.

4. Cyber Liability Insurance, including network interruption insurance and security and
privacy insurance of at least $2,000,000 per claim.

(ii) The Commercial General Liability policy shall:
1. Include NYU as an additional insured via blanket endorsement;

2. Provide that any ?other insurance? provisions in the policy will not apply to NYU and
that Company?s insurance will be primary of any similar insurance carried by NYU; and

3. Provide waiver of subrogation.

(iii) If Bank fulfills any of the insurance requirements set forth herein by the use of a claims made
policy, Bank will keep that policy in effect for at least three (3) years after the conclusion of this
Agreement, and, if such claims made policy is cancelled during that three (3) year period, Bank
will purchase discovery period coverage for the remainder thereof. Notwithstanding any
provision herein to the contrary, Bank shall have the right to assume in whole or in part, through
a program of self-insurance, any and all risks otherwise required by this Agreement to be
insured against.

(iv) Bank shall be responsible for payment of insurance premiums and deductibles for its own
insurance policies.

(v) Upon the execution of this Agreement, Bank will email to NYU?s designated insurance
certificate monitoring company, Ebix, a certificate or certificates evidencing the procurement of
the foregoing insurance policies. Each certificate will state: (a) the type(s) of insurance and the
amount(s) of coverage; (b) the effective date and the date of expiration of the policy(s); and (c)
the interest of NYU as an additional insured. Bank or their designee shall endeavor to notify Ebix
of any cancellation, termination or material alteration within thirty (30) days after notification
from insurer. Bank will also provide Ebix with the blanket additional insured endorsement for
the policies for which NYU is included as an additional insured.

(vi) Each year, Bank will be notified prior to the expiration date of their required insurance coverage
(highlighted on their latest submitted insurance certificate on file). Updated certificates of
insurance shall be emailed to Ebix via the email address below within fourteen (14) days post
renewal. Questions on certificate submission should be directed to EBIX.

Certificate Monitoring Company: ? Ebix RCS
P.O. Box 100085-U2
Duluth, GA 30096
Phone: (951) 925-2854
Email: nyu@ebix.com

Website: www.ebixcerts.com

Bank will defend, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NYU, its Affiliates, its Representatives,

and its successors and assigns from and against any and all liability, causes of action, claims, demands,
suits, and proceedings and will reimburse NYU its costs, damages, fees and expenses in connection
therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), resulting from or arising out of: (i)

-19-
