AMENDED AND RESTATED
AFFINITY AGREEMENT
THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHARLOTTE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSTIY OF
NORTH CAROLINA AT CHARLOTTE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement is entered into as of this 1" day of October, 2014 (the ?Effective Date?) by and
between FIA Card Services, N.A., a national banking association having its principal place of business
in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and The Foundation of the University of North Carolina at
Charlotte, Inc., having its principal place of business in Charlotte, North Carolina (?Foundation?) for
the benefit of The University of North Carolina at Charlotte Alumni Association, an affiliate of the
Foundation, having its principal place of business in Charlotte, North Carolina ?UNCCAA?), and
UNCAA for themselves, and their respective successors and assigns. *

WHEREAS, Foundation, UNCCAA, and Bank are parties to that certain Agreement entered into
as of November 8, 1995, as the same has been amended (?Original Agreement?), wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of
Foundation and UNCAA; and

WHEREAS, Foundation, UNCCAA, and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Original
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
Foundation, UNCAA, and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will have the
meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Agreement? means this affinity agreement and Schedules A through B.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing.

?Contract Year? means the consecutive twelve (12) month period following the Effective Date
and each consecutive twelve (12) month period following the anniversary of the Effective Date
during the term of the Agreement.

Page 1 of 22
CONFIDENTIAL
