DocuSign Envelope ID: GEEE6E73-E027-438F-B8CD-BO0C5A95478A

(b) UVAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) UVAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) UVAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a UVAA Trademark in Program advertising
and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit
cards) because of a change in the UVAA Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar
materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UVAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due
UVAA, upon demand UVAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, UVAA shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UVAA shall not include in any
Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that
UVAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time
the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by UVAA or its
agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any
payments (including Royalties) then due UVAA. If such costs exceed such payments, upon demand UVAA shall
promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, UVAA shall provide the first
Marketing List, containing the required information for at least two hundred thousand (200,000) non-duplicate
Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UVAA?s execution of this Agreement. With
each delivery to Bank, UVAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance
with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UVAA shall, and shall cause any UVAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program with
Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to
UVAA. Notwithstanding the above, UVAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current
materials provided by Bank to UVAA. Any correspondence received by UVAA that is intended for Bank (e.g.,
applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by UVAA shall be paid by Bank.
For any inquiries or requests received by UVAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions,
name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the
Bank.

(g) UVAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the UVAA Trademarks with
the Program and, subject to UVAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), only on or in conjunction with all
Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in
effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the UVAA Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such UVAA Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UVAA shall provide Bank all UVAA Trademark production
materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days
after UVAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UVAA from granting to
other persons a license to use the UVAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or
product, except for any Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and
throughout the Term, UVAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such

Py

EXECUTION COPY- ALUMNt ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT
