(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

CAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

CAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, advertisements, or
banking centers for participation in the Program (as new channels for
communication/participation develop, Bank will discuss and gain written approval from CAA,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

CAA will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials to
be used by Bank that contain a CAA Trademark; such approval will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in the CAA
Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any
Royalties due CAA. In the event such costs exceed Royalties then due CAA, if requested by
Bank, CAA will promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, CAA will
provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that CAA will not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who
has expressly requested that CAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties. In
the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by CAA or its agents for an initial
Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties
due CAA. CAA will provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at
least one hundred seventy-five thousand (175,000 ) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as
possible but no later than thirty (30) days after CAA?s execution of this Agreement.

CAA will only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about the Program with Bank's prior written approval (such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), except for current advertising and solicitation materials
provided by Bank to CAA. Notwithstanding the above, CAA may respond to individual
inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said
responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to CAA.
Any correspondence received by CAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments,
billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier
within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by
CAA will be paid by Bank.

CAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the CAA
Trademarks specified on Exhibit C (or as otherwise agreed upon by the parties) solely in
conjunction with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This
license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will apply to the CAA
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such CAA Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. CAA will provide
Bank all CAA Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the
Program as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after CAA?s execution of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits CAA from granting to other persons a
license to use the CAA Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or
product, except for any Financial Service Products.

Page 4 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
