(f)

(g)

11.

{a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Section 10(e), such terminated
program remains subject to the provisions described in the sections referenced in Section 12(b)
of the Agreement and any other section in the Agreement that by its terms are meant to survive
the termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in
each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement
for just that program.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, CAA agrees that CAA will not, by itself or in conjunction with
others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product or a related product
to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CAA may, after the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to
participate in another financial service program endorsed by CAA, provided the opportunity is
not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all
Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer
of Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members.

If any CAA Affiliate enters into a Financial Services Product program that, in Bank?s sole
discretion, competes with the Program, Bank may terminate this Agreement with ninety (90)
days written notice to CAA.

GROUP MARKETING

CAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by CAA, including, but not limited to,
any GIP (?CAA Marketing Effort?). CAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to
engaging in any CAA Marketing Effort.

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by CAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle CAA to the Royalty for GIP specified
in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, marketing materials or telemarketing inquiries from Members which do not contain or
reference such coding will not be eligible for any GIP Royalty.

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any CAA
Marketing Effort, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Bank has
control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any CAA
Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, CAA shall, within seventy-two (72) hours of
receipt of written notice from Bank, discontinue any or all CAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt
of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. CAA
will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any CAA Marketing Effort without the
prior written approval of Bank, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any CAA
Marketing Effort or of supporting any CAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by
CAA upon demand.

Page 9 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
