?
2

(h

(i)

(i)

(k

executive via overnight courier as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than 2 business
days of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by Fordham shall be paid by Bank.

Fordham hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use Fordham Trademarks
with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in
effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to Fordham Trademarks, notwithstanding the
transfer of such Fordham Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor,
corporation, organization, or individual. Fordham shall provide Bank all Fordham Trademark production
materials (e.g., camera-ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than
30 days after Fordham?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits
Fordham from granting to other Persons a license to use Fordham Trademarks in conjunction with the
providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. Fordham
represents, warrants and covenants to Bank that it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the
Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
Fordham Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may use
such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Subsection 2(h). Fordham may not use
any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank
through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. Fordham shall not register
or attempt to register any Program Trademark. Bank shall not register or attempt to register any
Fordham Trademark. Bank may use Program Trademarks that contain Fordham Trademarks to promote
or identify the Program and any products or services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to
Bank, but only during the Term. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

Fordham shall maintain and execute policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and report
Consumer Complaints. As soon as is reasonably practicable but in no event later than 2 business days of
receipt, Fordham shall provide Bank with notice of each Consumer Complaint and all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of Fordham. Fordham shall reasonably cooperate with and to the extent reasonably requested,
reasonably assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions
of this Subsection shall survive 90 days after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

For the avoidance of doubt, each Party shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance (in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement) of its obligations
under this Agreement.

Upon prior written notice, Fordham shall permit Bank to permit (and cooperate with) Bank?s (including
Bank?s Representatives) audit, test and inspection of Fordham with respect to Fordham?s policies,
procedures and controls in connection with, and compliance with, Applicable Laws and records as relate
to the Program, Fordham Services and performance of Fordham?s duties and obligations hereunder
(including Fordham Services and its and their respective Representatives). Bank shall have the right to
determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually determine the date,
time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10 days of
Bank?s written notice. Fordham shall promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to
compliance with Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections.
Fordham?s failure or refusal to (1) cooperate or to (2) remediate any such deficiencies within 30 days of
written notice to Fordham shall be deemed a material breach by Fordham of this Agreement. The

7

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy)
