DocuSign Envelope ID: BCD5F8F3-B295-4B99-943F-A5C5C15F622D

10.

with Bank to investigate, resolve and control security incidents. UM will reimburse Bank for its cost of
producing and mailing any notice required by Applicable Law that informs the Customer of a security
breach and will pay for any credit monitoring service or other remedy that is provided to affected
Customers. UM will monitor (and will cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and
Agents to monitor) industry-standard information channels for newly identified system vulnerabilities
and fix or patch any identified security problem in an adequate and timely manner. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed in writing, ?timely? will mean that UM will introduce (and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives and Agents to introduce) such fix or patch as soon as commercially
reasonable after UM (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents) becomes
aware of the security problem). This obligation extends to all devices that comprise UM?s system (or
that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives and Agents), including application
software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs and to all of UM?s other Information
handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on November
30, 2025 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including matters of construction,
validity and performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the
internal Laws of the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts entered
into and performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or
conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and shall be
deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded. Nothing in this
Section will be construed to conflict, limit, or abrogate UM?s duties and obligations under Chapter 119,
Florida Statutes.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, UM may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using UM Marketing Channels; provided UM pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).

-14-

EXECUTION CoPy- UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI AFFINITY AGREEMENT
