(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark,
trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the University during the term of this
Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UHAA

UHAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will endorse the Program exclusively and
that neither UHAA nor any UHAA Affiliate which is controlled by UHAA will, by itself or in
conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit
proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the
providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow
others controlled by UHAA to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others controlled by
UHAA of the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its mailing lists or
information about any current or potential Members or students of University in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if UHAA
or any UHAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, UHAA shall
not, and shall cause UHAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment
over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, UHAA may accept print advertising and
sponsorship from any financial institution provided that the advertisement or sponsorship does
not contain an express or implied endorsement by UHAA of said financial institution or
advertising for a Financial Service Product under this agreement.

UHAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

UHAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall prohibit or prevent Bank from
fulfilling a University student?s request for a Financial Service Product under the Program.

UHAA will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials
to be used by Bank that contain an UHAA Trademark or University Trademark; such approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a
change in the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new
credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due UHAA. In the event such
costs exceed Royalties then due UHAA, if requested by Bank, UHAA will promptly reimburse
Bank for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, UHAA will
provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that UHAA will
not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who has expressly requested that UHAA not provide his/her personal information to third
parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by UHAA or its agents
for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs
from Royalties due UHAA. UHAA will provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for approximately one hundred eighty thousand (180,000) non-duplicate Member

Page 4 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

