(c) BAA authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) BAA shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of a BAA Trademark or University
Trademark in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that depict a BAA
Trademark or University Trademark. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit
cards) because of a change in the BAA Trademarks or University Trademarks and is unable to use up
inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due BAA. If
such costs exceed Royalties then due BAA, upon demand BAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such
costs.

(e) At least once quarterly and within 30 days of Bank?s request, BAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that BAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that BAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by BAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due BAA. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand BAA shail promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
BAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least eighty-two
thousand (82,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
BAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, BAA represents and warrants that the
Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) BAA shall, and shall cause any BAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to BAA. Notwithstanding the above, BAA may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to BAA. Any correspondence received by BAA that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by BAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by BAA that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) BAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the BAA Trademarks
and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject BAA?s right of approval set forth in Section
2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of
this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement. This license shall
apply to the BAA Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such BAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor,
corporation, organization, or individual. BAA shall provide Bank all BAA Trademark and University
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after BAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits BAA from granting to other persons a license to use the BAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term,
BAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the

2

DrarT - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)
