()

(f)

(g)

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will
not affect the remainder of this Agreement which will survive and be construed as if such invalid
or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and the parties hereto shall immediately
commence negotiations in good faith to reform this Agreement to make alternative provisions
herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in a manner that does not
run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

All notices relating to this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after
mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will
be addressed as follows:

(1) Ifto UHAA:

University of Houston Alumni Association
3100 Cullen Blvd.

Rm. 201

Houston, Texas 77204-6000

ATTENTION: Mr. Michael Pede,
Associate Vice President for Alumni Relations

Fax #: (713) 743-9560

(2) If to Bank:

FIA Card Services, N. A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Fax #: (302) 432-3702

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the
matters covered herein, including, without limitation, the Original Agreement. This Agreement
does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement
between the parties that survives termination of that agreement. Without the prior written
consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably withheld, UHAA may not assign any of its
rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may assign any of its rights or

Page 12 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

