DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(a)

University will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in
Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with respect to any
University Marketing Effort.

University will promote the Program on such locations of the internet sites owned or controlled
by University as agreed upon by the parties, all at University?s expense. Bank may establish a
hyperlink from each such promotion to another internet site (an application site), or may provide
a telephone number in each such promotion, to enable a person to apply for each promoted
Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or
telephone number will entitle University to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A,
subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. University will modify or remove
such promotions within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all
Program material, University will provide Bank with the ability to access any and all pages
within the University internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or other
restricted access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, University agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and
on an ongoing basis the following University Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the
Program: (i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits
application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not
be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and
(ii) offline marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank
inbound application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication
ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member directories, statement messages,
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

Without limiting the generality of Sections 11(f) and 11(g), above, University agrees to perform
the following University Marketing Efforts. During the term of this Agreement, University shall
promote the Program:

(i) Inclusion of banner with hyperlink to Bank website on the benefits tab of University?s
Facebook page and benefits page of University?s website.

(ii) Dedicated email to Members one (1) time per Contract Year.

(iii) Inclusion of hyperlink to Bank website within University?s eNewsletter sent to Members
two (2) times per Contract Year.

(iv) Promotion in the University?s magazine sent to Members one (1) time per Contract Year.

(v) Six (6) direct mail campaigns to Members per Contract Year.

The parties may agree from time to time during the term of this Agreement to add, delete,
modify or substitute items to be offered as University Marketing Efforts pursuant to this Section
11(h). Upon the parties? mutual agreement to add, delete, modify or substitute a University
Marketing Effort, this Section 11(h) shall be deemed so amended without any further action.

MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents

of both parties hereto.

Page 11 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
