8. Effective for compensation accruing on or after the calendar quarter beginning
February 1, 2004 Section B of Schedule B is hereby deleted in its entirely and replaced by
Section B on the attached Attachment # 2 to this Addendum.

9. Effective February 1, 2004, Section D of Schedule B is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced by Section D on the attached Attachment # 2 to this Addendum.

10. Section E of Schedule B is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ?, up to and including
July 31, 2003, ?.

11. Effective for compensation accruing on or after the calendar quarter beginning
February 1, 2004, Section B of Schedule B is amended by adding new Sections F and G
on the attached Attachment # 2 to this Addendum.

12. Except as amended by this Addendum, all the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed.
Any inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this
Addendum. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as
amended by this Addendum, shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of
Delaware (without regard to its conflict of laws principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes
to be made and fully performed in Delaware. This Addendum may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one
and the same instrument. The Agreement, as amended from time to time, contains the entire
agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered and no other prior promises,
negotiations or discussions, oral or written, made by any party or its employees, officers or
agents shall be valid and binding. Certain Financial Service Products or services under the
Agreement may be offered through MBNA America?s affiliates. For example, business credit
cards are currently issued and administered by MBNA America (Delaware), N.A., and certain
marketing services are currently provided by MBNA Marketing Systems, Inc.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto, by its representative, has duly executed this
Addendum as of the date first above written, and such party and its representative warrant that
such representative is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Addendum for and on behalf of
such party.

SAINT LOUIS UNIVERSITY - MBNA AMERICA BANK, N.A.
re) ; : . {
py. Lye 1). Corns By: 5. Mack
Name: rays hee f yw 41H, in Nai Sits 5. MiuUpot
; 9
Title: Vee L625) f Cr r Title: Lp

Date: 5S - 2 ? -63 Date: ?yes
