and any variation thereof and any translation of any of the foregoing used or acquired by BAA or any
BAA Affiliate prior to or during the Term.

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the Program
that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion thereof,
Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate of
deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access and money
market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?ECOA? means the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. ?1691 et. seq.) and its implementing
regulation, Regulation B (12 C.F.R. Part 1002), as each are amended.

?Effective Date? has the meaning given such phrase in the preamble.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A of the agreement,
with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Sections A.4, B.4, C.4 and
E of Schedule A.

?Event? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Subsection 11(e).

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card program
(including pre-paid card program), installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program,
financial brokerage products or services program, deposit program, travel and entertainment card
program or the functional equivalent (e.g., digital wallet, or card-not-present transaction) of any product
or service in the foregoing programs, and any other financial service programs or products.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which BAA complies with the
GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby BAA
conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program, and the
Parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?GLBA? refers to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation P (12 C.F.R.
1016.1 et. seq.), as each may be amended from time to time and includes, when effective, the
framework that replaces the Department of Commerce International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.

?Governmental Authority? means, with respect to any Person, any nation or government, any State or
other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or

22

DrarT - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)
