?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
PTK complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial Service
Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more PTK Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

?PTK Affiliate? means any Affiliate of PTK.
?PTK Marketing Effort? has the meaning ascribed to such phrase in Subsection 10(a).

?PTK Services? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by PTK (including such services further
delegated to or undertaken by any Representative pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the
Program (including PTK Marketing Efforts).

?PTK Trademark? means any design, image, visual representation (including any font), logo, service
mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or acquired by PTK or any PTK Affiliate prior to or
during the Term.

?Qualifying GIP Account? means a new GIP Account, Reward GIP Account, or Premium Reward GIP
Account which remains open for at least ninety (90) consecutive days and which is utilized by the
Customer within the first ninety (90) consecutive days of the GIP Account?s, Reward GIP Account?s or
Premium Reward GIP Accounts opening for at least one (1) purchase or cash advance which is not
subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request or otherwise disputed.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such

Person and in the case of a partnership, also includes general and limited partners thereof and further in

the case of a limited liability company or corporation, also includes members of such company or
corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as
determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which PTK complies with
the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in SCHEDULE A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.

?UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

4
Pui THETA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION Copy) &
