otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears,
approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s}, when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify ISUAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the
Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business
days after ISUAA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an
addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have
the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its
entirety, without penalty or liability to ISUAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance
of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the
Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision
of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in
each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to ISUAA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any
student Credit Card Accounts.

PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, Nonpublic Persona!
Information, performance information, proprietary information (including trade secrets), legally
privileged information and information of third parties provided by or on behalf of one Party to the
other Parties (or, to the extent applicable, its Subcontractors or any of their respective Representatives,
and collectively with the other Parties, ?Recipient?) prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to,
the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure.
Information shall be deemed to include information developed, produced or derived from any of the
foregoing. Such Information shall not be disclosed by the Recipient to any other Person, except as
expressly permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.

(b) A Recipient shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to its accountants, lawyers,
financial advisors, marketing advisors, affiliates and employees (collectively, its ?Agents?} as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such Agents agree to treat the Information
as confidential and such Agent is subject to enforceable confidentiality provisions at least as restrictive
as those in this Agreement, or (ii) as required by Applicable Law or requested by any Governmental

-13-
