DocuSign Envelope iD: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

c.

PREMIUM REWARD ACCOUNTS

Premium Reward Account Royalty compensation provisions will not affect any other Royalty compensation
provisions contained in the Agreement, and the Royalty compensation provisions referencing any other form of
Credit Card Accounts will not apply to Premium Reward Accounts.

1.

$3.00 (three dollars) once for each new Premium Reward Account opened after it becomes an Activated
Account. This Royalty will not be paid for any account which, after opening, converts to a Premium
Reward Account, or for any Premium Reward GIP Account.

$3.00 (three dollars) for each Premium Reward Account for which the Annual Fee is paid by the
Customer. If no Annual Fee is assessed by Bank (other than as a result of a courtesy waiver by Bank},
then such Royalty will be paid for each Premium Reward Account which: 1) has a balance greater than
zero as of the last processing day of every twelfth month after the opening of that Premium Reward
Account; and 2) has had active charging privileges for each of the preceding twelve (12) months. A
Premium Reward Account may renew every twelve (12) months after the opening of the account.

0.05% (five basis points) of all Net Retail Spend generated by Customers using a Premium
Reward Account.

$100.00 (one hundred dollars) once for each Premium Reward GIP Account opened after it becomes an
Activated Account. Such Premium Reward GIP Accounts will not qualify for any other opening-of-an-
account Royalty.

ROYALTY ADVANCE

Upon fuil execution of this Agreement by Bank, and upon each annual anniversary of the Effective Date
in 2020 through 2022, respectively, during the tnitial Term of this Agreement, Bank shall pay to
University of Colorado Boulder as follows: one hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($125,000.00) in
2019, one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000.00) in 2020, one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000.00)
in 2021 and seventy-five thousand dollars ($75,000.00) in 2022 (each and in the aggregate, an
?Advance"), as an advance against future Eligible Royalties, subject to the provisions set forth below. All
Eligible Royalties accrued shall, in lieu of direct payment to University of Colorado Boulder, be applied
against each of the Advances until such time as all Advances are fully recouped. Any eligible royalties
accrued thereafter shall be paid to University of Colorado Boulder as set forth in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) Bank shall no longer be obligated to pay any additional Advances to
University of Colorado Boulder hereunder, and (y) University of Colorado Boulder hereby promises to
pay Bank upon demand an amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s)
paid by Bank and the total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such
Advance(s) as of the date of such demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i)
through (v) betow should occur:

{i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the Term as stated in this Agreement as of the
Effective Date;

(ii) University of Colorado Boulder breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail campaigns to
the full updated Member List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the Term; and

-25-
