93/02/2018 18:59 FAX i U-M_Oae
- 007/033

supporting any Credit Card Program of any entity other than Bank, It is further provided that
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to limit University?s ability to
develop and/or maintain with arjother financial institution a stored value or corporate credit card
ptogram exclusively for use by|University employees, students, representatives and/or agents, in
relation to purchases for University business ot education-related purposes. Bank acknowledges
that University has and may ine farare have commitments with other financial instirutions by
which debit card and deposit

()

(e)

dd)

?)

grams, exclusive of credit card products and services, are

marketed to the University community and/or general public.

AAUM and University agree t

reasonably requested by Bank i

provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be
connection with the Program.

AAUM and University authorize Bank to solicit Members to the extent permitted by law by
mail, direct promotion, inthe email, advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other

means for participation in the
AAUM and University will ha
solicitation materials, includin;
?Trademarks and University Tr

unreasonably withheld or dela

rogram.

? the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and
but not limited to telemarketing scripts and the use of AAUM
lemarks on credit devices for Credit Card Accounts, to be used

ed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in

by Bank that contain an ray Trademark or University Trademark; such approval will not be

the AAUM Trademarks or Uni

versity Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards),

Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due AAUM. In the event such costs exceed
Royalties then due AAUM, if p?quested by Bank, AAUM will promptly reimburse Bank for all

such costs,

At least once annually and m
within thirty (30) days of suc!
free of any charge; provided,
name and/or related informati

frequently upon the mutual agreement of the parties and then
agreement, AAUM will provide Bank with the Marketing List

owever, that AAUM will not include in any Marketing List the
m regarding any Member who has expressly requested that

AAUM not provide his/her personal information to third parties. In the event that Bank incurs a
cost because of a charge assessed by AAUM or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an
update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from Royalties due AAUM. AAUM
will provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least four
hundred twenty-three toatl 25 0) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but
no later than thirty (30) days after AAUM?s and University?s execution of this Agreement.

AAUM and University will, and will cause any AAUM Affiliates and University Affiliate to,
only provide information to gr otherwise communicate with Members or potential Members
about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and
solicitation materials provided by Bank to AAUM and University, Notwithstanding the ehove,
AAUM and University may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members
on an individual basis, provified that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to AAUM and University. Any correspondence received by
AAUM and University that js intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries,
etc.) will be forwarded to the Bank account executive via overnight courier within twenty-four
(24) hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by AAUM and
University will be paid by Bank.

(f)

Page Gof 31
CONFIDENTIAL

