(d) ACS shall have the right of prior approvai of the depiction of an ACS Trademark in Program
advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the ACS Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory
of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due ACS. If such costs
exceed Royalties then due ACS, upon demand ACS shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, ACS shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that ACS shail not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that ACS not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under
the age of eighteen at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost
because of a charge assessed by ACS or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due ACS. If
such costs exceed such payments, upon demand ACS shall promptly reimburse Bank for afl such costs.
Within 30 days of the Effective Date, ACS shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required
information for at least eighty thousand (80,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but
no later than 30 days after ACS?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, ACS
represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law,
including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) ACS shall, and shall cause any ACS Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to ACS. Notwithstanding the above, ACS may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with
the then-current materials provided by Bank to ACS. Any correspondence received by ACS that is
intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by ACS shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by ACS that are intended
for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications), the person making the
inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) ACS hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the ACS Trademarks
with the Program and, subject ACS?s right of approval set forth in Section 2{d), on or in conjunction with
all Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall
remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the ACS
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such ACS Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to
any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individua!. ACS shall provide Bank all ACS
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as soon as
possible but no later than 30 days after ACS?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits ACS from granting to other persons a license to use the ACS Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
See aiso Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, ACS represents, warrants
and covenants to Bank it has the exclusive right to grant such license to the Bank for use as
contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

-7-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxDraft?American- Chemical Society
fini - 3
