any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other
compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of Alumni Association or an Alumni
Association Affiliate for the one (1) gift or premium item. For any additional gifts or premium items that
Bank elects to do, Bank will be responsible for any royalties or other compensation associated with such
gifts or premium item.

(g) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Alumni Association
acknowledges and agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or
any Bank Affiliate offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?)
contemporaneously with the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this
Agreement. However, when using Alumni Association?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it
shall not market Bank Products (excluding Deposits Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an
e-mail or an outbound telemarketing solicitation, unless Alumni Association consents to Bank?s use of
the Marketing Lists for such purposes. ?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and
features and any and all other products and services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits
(e.g., Online Banking and $0 Trade). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result
of an account application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank
Product. All such information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the
Agreement.

(h) Use of Alumni Association Trademarks and University Trademarks, Bank acknowledges and
agrees that:

(i) any use of the Alumni Association Trademarks shall be consistent with the then-current
Alumni Association Trade Name and Trademark Policy and related brand policy and
visual identity guidelines as published from time to time by Alumni Association, as those
policies and guidelines are implemented by Alumni Association in its review and
approval pursuant to this Agreement;

(ii) any use of the University Trademarks shall be consistent with the then-current
University Trade Name and Trademark Policy and related brand policy and visual
identity guidelines as published from time to time by University, as those policies and
guidelines are implemented by JMIS in its review and approval pursuant to this
Agreement;

(iii) Bank will do nothing inconsistent with such rights granted in the License;

(iv) Bank will not challenge the validity of any of the Alumni Association Trademarks;

(v) Bank will not challenge the validity of any of the University Trademarks;

(vi) nothing in this Agreement shall give Bank any right, title or interest in the Alumni
Association Trademarks other than the right to use the Alumni Association Trademarks
in accordance with this Agreement; and

(vii) nothing in this Agreement shall give Bank any right, title or interest in the University
Trademarks other than the right to use the University Trademarks in accordance with
this Agreement.

(i) No Modification.

(i) Bank agrees to use the University Trademarks only in the form and manner and with
appropriate legends as prescribed from time to time by JMIS and agrees not to use any
other trademark, service mark, name, symbol or design in combination with any of the
University Trademarks without prior written approval of JMIS.

