same subject as the statutory provision so referred to in this Agreement, and to any then applicable
rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

e unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all references in this
Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also shall refer to all schedules or
exhibits, renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments and restatements of such agreement,
instrument or document;

e references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount
at the close of business on such day;

? any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be
due on the first Business Day thereafter;

? References to money or dollar amounts (?S?) means United States Dollars unless otherwise
specified;

. A reference to any Person includes such Person?s successors and assigns;

. accounting terms not otherwise defined shall be construed in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles;

e terms other than those defined within this Agreement shall be given their plain English meaning,

and those terms, acronyms and phrases known in the applicable industry and business contexts shall
be interpreted in accordance with their generally known meanings in those industries or other
business contexts; and,

? when calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be
done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating
such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such periad is not a Business Day, the period
shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF ACS

(a) ACS agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither ACS
nor any ACS Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i) endorse,
sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than
Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the ACS
Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products (or the use of any Financial
Service Products) of any entity other than Bank; and {iii} sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow
others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information
about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank. In addition, if ACS or any ACS Affiliate sells any product or service, in
connection with such sales, ACS shail not, and shall cause ACS Affiliates not to, favor any payment
product or method of payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the
Program. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, ACS may accept print or on-
line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by ACS of said financial institution
or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

(b) ACS agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) ACS authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email,
advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

-6-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_v1.docxBraft?American-Chemicat Seciety
ini 2 2918-08-43
