(c) LSUAA represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that neither it nor its
subcontractors (and its and their respective Representatives, and its and their Agents) is the subject of
any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is LSUAA, or its Representatives or
subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions.
LSUAA represents and warrants that neither it nor its Representatives and subcontractors has or during
the term of this Agreement will violate any Sanctions. LSUAA represents and warrants that neither it
nor its subcontractors (or its and their respective Representatives, or its and their Agents) will use this
Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any
Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The
provisions of this Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(d) Throughout the Term LSUAA shall and shall cause its respective Representatives to provide LSUAA
Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Applicable Law (as applied to
Bank and LSUAA), and Bank?s instruction. The provision of this Subsection 4(d) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in SCHEDULE A to LSUAA. No compensation or payments shall be paid to LSUAA until a
Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and
returned to Bank, Except as otherwise provided in SCHEDULE A, payment of Royalties then due shall be
made approximately 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

(b) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more
than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate
providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion
(?Impact?), then Bank may notify LSUAA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any
other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after LSUAA?s
receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that
modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to LSUAA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the
Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5{b), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision
of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in
each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for
just that program.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS
Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without limitation, changes

to its terms and features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered
pursuant to the Program).

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
