11.

Group Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with any written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. NU will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any
Group Marketing Effort.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any Group
Marketing Effort or of supporting any Group Marketing Effort, in each case at NU?s request, will be
promptly reimbursed by NU upon demand.

(e) With respect to any Group Marketing Effort, NU will comply and cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to comply with all Applicable Law, and Bank?s instruction and Training.

(f) NU will use reasonable efforts to advertise all the products offered under the Program on NU?s
home page, account profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of NU
as the parties shall mutually agree upon, all at NU?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each
such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in
each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle NU to the
GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
NU will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To
enable Bank to view all Program material, NU will provide Bank with the ability (including unique login
credentials) to access any and all pages within the NU internet site(s), including any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material.

(g) Intentionally deleted

(h) Subsections (c), (d), and (e) of this Section 10 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may
terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a
description of the material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching Party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of
notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the
Cure Period.

(b) If either the Bank or NU:

(i) commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

(ii) is subject to an involuntary case against such Party under title 11 of the United States Code or the
corresponding provisions of any successor laws and either (A) the case is not dismissed by
midnight at the end of the 60th day after commencement or (B) the court before which the case
is pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case;

(iii) is appointed a custodian by a court of competent jurisdiction, or such Party makes an assignment
of all or substantially all of its assets to such a custodian (as that term is defined in title 11 of the
United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor laws) for such Party or all or
substantially all of its assets;

(iv) fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-

faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to doso;

-15-
