(g)

(h)

(a)

(d)

()

BU hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the BU Trademarks
with the Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license will
remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will apply to the BU Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such BU Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. BU will provide Bank all BU
Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required by Bank for the Program as
soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after BU?s execution of this Agreement.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits BU from granting to other persons a license to use the
BU Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any
Financial Service Products.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
BU Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank and Bank may
use such Program Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 2(h). BU may not
use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by
Bank through the Program. BU shall not register or attempt to register any Program Trademark.
Bank shall not register or attempt to register any BU Trademark. Bank may use Program
Trademarks that contain BU Trademarks to promote or identify the Program and any products or
services offered by Bank through the Program at no cost to Bank, but only during the term of this
Agreement.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
Bank will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

Bank will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any BU Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on
behalf of BU.

Bank will bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any BU Marketing Effort.

Bank will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of BU.

Bank will use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and will not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them
for any other purpose. Bank will have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing
Lists to whom promotional material will be sent. These Marketing Lists are and will remain the
sole property of BU. However, Bank may maintain separately and will own all information that
it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This
information becomes a part of Bank's files and will not be subject to this Agreement; provided
however that Bank will not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an
endorsement by BU.

Subject to applicable law and regulation, Bank has the right to place BU Trademarks on gifts for
individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including promotional items

Page 5 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL
