DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

(b)

(d)

(e)

(f)

any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use the University Trademarks in relation
to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell,
rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any
Marketing List in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other
than Bank; provided, however, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to or shall prohibit
University from complying with the requirements of its current relationships with PNC Bank and
Philadelphia Federal Credit Union. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, University may accept print advertising from any financial institution provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by University of said
financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service Product.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, University may solicit proposals for programs offering Financial
Service Products of any organization other than Bank one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the
end of the current term of this Agreement, provided that University does not enter into any
agreement(s) with any organization other than Bank for a Financial Services Product program
prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

University agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

University acknowledges and agrees that Bank may solicit Members by mail, direct promotion,
internet, email, advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means for participation
in the Program. Bank is solely responsible for compliance with Applicable Law related to such
solicitations.

University will have the right of prior approval of all Program advertising and solicitation
materials to be used by Bank that contain a University Trademark; such approval will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because University
requests a change in the University Trademarks (?.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards),
Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due University. In the event such costs exceed
Royalties then due University, if requested by Bank, University will promptly reimburse Bank
for all such costs.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, University will
provide Bank with the Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that University will
not include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who has expressly requested that University not provide his/her personal information to third
parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by University or its
agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such
costs from Royalties due University. University will provide the first Marketing List, containing
the required information for at least one hundred ninety-eight thousand (198,000) non-duplicate
Member names, as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30) days after University?s execution
of this Agreement.

University will, and will cause any University Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's
prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank
to University. Notwithstanding the above, University may respond to individual inquiries about

Page 4 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
