SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
Arkansas Alumni Association, Inc.

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of the first day of July, 2020 (the ?Effective Date?) by
and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?), and Arkansas Alumni Association, a non-profit corporation having its principal place of business in
Fayetteville, Arkansas (?AAAI?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?), for themselves and their
respective successors and authorized assigns.

WHEREAS, AAAI and Bank are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement entered
into as of July 1, 2011, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain

financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of AAAI; and,

WHEREAS, AAAI and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety
as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, AAAI
and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?AAAI Affiliate? means any Affiliate of AAAI.

?AAAI Activities? means any duties or obligations of, or undertaken by AAAI (including such services
further delegated to or undertaken by any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives)
pursuant to this Agreement or in furtherance of the Program (including Group Marketing Efforts).

?AAAI Marketing Channels? means digital channels, AAAI events and print.

?AAAI Trademark? means the specific trademark used or acquired by AAAI, in the specific manner
presented in Schedule C attached to this Agreement.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term ?Affiliate? does not include the Board of Trustees of the University of Arkansas or its
institutions.

1

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
