9 TERM OF AGREEMENT

y bet The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on August 31, 2003. PLEASE
[ This Agreement| will autematieal extend at the-end-of the initial term-or-any-renewaltermfor? Ox
Successive twoayear-periods, unless either party_gives written notice of its-intention not-te-renew Ke)
atleast ninety (90) dave, but not-more than one-hundred eighty. 80} days, prier-te-thelast-date nH f
of-such term or renewalem,as-applicable. *extended at the end of the initial period J
upon the mutual written agreement of the pa ce)
10. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

PLEASE

11. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by MBNA America or FIUAA, the
other party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching
party. This notice shall (i) describe the material breach; and (ii) state the party's intention to
terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach
within sixty (60) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this
Agreement shall terminate sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

(b) If either MBNA America or FIUAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its
assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any insolvency
proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is subject to receivership,
conservatorship or liquidation then the other party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Upon termination of this Agreement, MBNA America shall, in a manner consistent with

Section 11(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the Trademarks, MBNA America agrees that upon

such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to the

Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. However, MBNA America may conclude all

solicitation that is required by law.

consider PLEASE

(d) MBNA America shall have the right to prior review and appreval-ef any notice in

connection with, relating or referring to the termination of this Agreement to be communicated

by FIUAA to the Members.*Such-approval shall not-be-unreasenably-withheld. Upon
_ termination of this Agreement, FIUAA shall not attempt to cause the removal of FIUAA'

identification or Trademarks from any person's credit devices, checks or records of any C

existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

* FIUAA shall not willfully provide any untruthful statements regarding MB
the program.

7 of 16
LAWORD\SALES\GENERICS\AFFINITY.DOC
