notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, UCLAAA may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its
obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may not assign or transfer any of its rights or
obligations under or arising from this Agreement without the prior written consent of UCLAAA; provided
however, that Bank may assign, without consent, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement:

(1) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than any Bank Affiliate) pursuant to
a sale (other than a sale as described in subsection (ii), below) as long as such prospective buyer
has substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank; or

(2) to any individual, corporation or other entity (other than any Bank Affiliate) pursuant to
a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially all the assets of Bank; or

(3) to any Bank Affiliate.

Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Certain
Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through Bank's Affiliates.

(h

Bank and UCLAAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither Party shall
have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise expressly provided by
this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon any
Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative or an Affiliate of either Party
or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a Party or its Affiliates has any rights
(including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Neither Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of the other or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(k

Neither Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such delay
or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws, rules,
regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or other
similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without the
fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). The non-
delayed Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures
for more than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by the delayed Party within 10 days after the expiration of
the 120 day period.

{l)_ This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to
accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as
best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that ifa
representative of each of the Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and
transmits such Agreement to the other Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted

{inal isxecution Copy - UCLA Alumni Assoc Second AR Ai/inity Agreement (2)
