personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the
information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by
UDAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may
deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due UDAA. If such costs
exceed such payments, upon demand UDAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.
UDAA shall provide its then-current Marketing List, containing the required information for at
least ninety thousand (90,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later
than 30 days after UDAA?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, UDAA
represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with
Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) UDAA shall, and shall cause any UDAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members
about the Program with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and
solicitation materials provided by Bank to UDAA. Notwithstanding the above, UDAA may
respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis,
provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials
provided by Bank to UDAA. Any correspondence received by UDAA that is intended for Bank
(e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account executive
via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by UDAA shall be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by UDAA that
are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased notifications),
the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) UDAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, non-exclusive license or sublicense,
as applicable, to use the UDAA Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program
and, subject to UDAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), and solely for the purposes of
the Bank?s fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement as regards to the offering and
administering of the Financial Service Products. This license transfers to the assignee of this
Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement. This license
shall apply to the UDAA Trademarks and University Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer
of such UDAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. UDAA shall provide Bank all
UDAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art)
required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after UDAA?s
execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits UDAA from granting
to other persons a license to use the UDAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction
with the marketing or providing of any other service or product, other than Financial Service
Products to Members. See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the
Term, UDAA represents and warrants to Bank it has the right to grant such license or sublicense
to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby and covenants that it will obtain in advance of use
any necessary approval from the University for the licensing or sublicensing of University
Trademarks. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or
contain a UDAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy)
