(n) WFU acknowledges that Bank has directed WFU's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and WFU
has reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

(o) If WFU directs any Subcontractors, Affiliates, or Representatives to perform any WFU Activity or
duty or obligation under this Agreement (e.g., Training), and such Person fails to timely do so, WFU shall
cease using such Person for any duties or obligations under this Agreement and shall promptly notify
Bank of such Person?s failure to perform.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort (which shall remain subject to Section
10), Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
including, if Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the
right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of WFU.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of WFU.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of WFU. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by WFU.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, WFU acknowledges and
agrees that Bank may market any financial service products or services that Bank or any Bank Affiliate
offers (e.g., credit cards and deposit products, collectively ?Bank Products?) contemporaneously with
the promotion of Deposits and that such Bank Products are not subject to this Agreement. However,
when using WFU?s Marketing Lists for Deposits, Bank agrees that it shall not market Bank Products
(excluding Deposit Offers, as defined below), in direct mail copy, in an e-mail or an outbound
telemarketing solicitation, unless WFU consents to Bank?s use of the Marketing Lists for such purposes.
?Deposit Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other products and
services that relate to or have a connection with Deposits (e.g., Online Banking and $O Trade, money
market deposit accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts and individual
retirement accounts). Bank may maintain separately all information it obtains as a result of an account
application for, and/or an account relationship in connection with, Deposits or a Bank Product. All such
information becomes a part of Bank?s own files and shall not be subject to the Agreement.

-11-

Execution Copy- Wake Forest University Affinity Agreement.docx
