?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened pursuant to the
Program that is accessed utilizing a card, plate and/or any other device or instrument. A
?Student Credit Card Account? is a Credit Card Account opened through an application coded
by Bank as a student application.

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts. certificate
of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access
and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement
accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof. Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Financial Service Product? means any credit card program, charge card program, debit card
program, installment loan program, revolving line of credit or loan program, deposit program,
travel and entertainment card program or the functional equivalent of any such product. and any
other financial service programs or products.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which WFU
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
WFU conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the Program,
and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means an updated and current list (in a format designated by Bank) containing
non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available. telephone
numbers (including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members other than student Members
who are at least eighteen years of age. segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected
membership characteristics.

"Member" means (i) WFU alumni and/or (ii) other potential participants mutually agreed to by
WEU and Bank.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided
through Bank and offered as part of the Program, A Premium Reward Enhancement may be

Page 2 of 19
CONFIDENTIAL
