(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

UCFF agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program provided that the requested assistance
does not result in unrelated business income.

UCFF authorizes Bank to lawfully solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet,
email, advertisements, banking centers, telephone or any other means mutually agreed
upon for participation in the Program.

UCFF will arrange for review and approve all Program advertising and solicitation
materials to be used by Bank that contain an UCFF Trademark and all other collateral
and other materials to be used for the Program using a Program or UCFF Trademark
(e.g., statements, letters, advertisements, servicing emails.). UCFF agrees that such
approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If there is a change in the UCFF
Trademarks already used in the Program, UCFF will work with Bank on a reasonable
schedule to exhaust then current Bank inventory with a goal of keeping costs to Bank
minimized, but if there is expense to Bank in replacing inventory, UCFF will pay actual
external incremental costs that are reasonable and invoiced with supporting details. Bank
agrees to proactively maintain an inventory of Program materials including credit card
plastics that is commercially reasonable.

At least once annually and within thirty (30) days following the request of Bank, UCFF
will provide Bank with the Member Contact List free of any charge provided that the
requested assistance does not result in unrelated business income. UCFF will not include
in any Member Contact List the name and/or related information regarding any Member
who is reflected in UCFF?s systems as having expressly requested that UCFF not provide
his/her personal information to third parties. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because
of a charge assessed by UCFF or its agents for an initial Member Contact List or an
update to the Member Contact List, Bank may invoice UCFF and provide supporting
details in connection with such. UCFF will arrange to provide the first Member Contact
List, containing the required information for at least one hundred three thousand
(103,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than thirty (30)
calendar days after UCFF?s execution of this Agreement.

UCFF will arrange for any UCFF Affiliates to only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior
written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to UCFF. Notwithstanding the above, UCFF may respond to individual inquiries
about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses
are accurate and consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to UCFF.
Any correspondence received by UCFF that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications,
payments, billing inquiries. etc.) will be arranged to be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within seventy-two (72) hours of receipt. All overnight
courier expenses incurred by UCFF will be paid by Bank within thirty (30) calendar days
of UCFF initiating the delivery.

Page 5 of 20
