DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F592FBF-C042-4B9A-9DDB-86612DDCF5E2

?Credit Card Program? means those credit card programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Customer? means any Member who obtains a product or service from Bank pursuant to the
Program.

?Deposits? means consumer deposit products such as money market deposit accounts, certificate
of deposit accounts, checking and savings accounts, checking accounts with debit card access
and money market deposit account and certificate of deposit account individual retirement
accounts.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Program? means those Deposits and related programs and services, and the promotion
thereof, Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Eligible Royalties? means all Royalties that accrue and are payable under Schedule A to this
Agreement, with the exception of those Royalties that accrue and are payable pursuant to Section
A.4, B.4 and C.4. and Section G of Schedule A.

?Financial Service Product? means any Credit Card Program, debit card program, Deposit
Program, or travel and entertainment card program.

?GIP Account? means a Credit Card Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which University
complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Group Incentive Program? or ?GIP? means any credit card marketing or program whereby
University conducts and funds solicitation efforts for credit card products offered under the
Program, and the parties mutually agree that such marketing or other program shall constitute a
GIP.

?Information? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7.

?Marketing List? means a current list (in a format mutually agreed by University and Bank)
containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid postal addresses and, when available
and not subject to privacy restrictions arising from law, rule or regulation, or University policy,
telephone numbers (including area codes) and e-mail addresses of all Members who are at least
eighteen years of age and eligible for the Financial Service Products which Bank intends to
market by use of such Marketing List, segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected
membership characteristics.

"Member" means (i) alumni of the University, and/or (ii) other potential participants mutually
agreed to by University and Bank.

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward
Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Business Account? means a Business Credit Card Account carrying a
Premium Reward Enhancement.

Page 2 of 21
CONFIDENTIAL
