(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads.
magazine inserts, welcome kits. coupon books, member directories. statement messages.
statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU messaging.

MISCELLANEOUS

This GIP Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized
agents of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 6, 9(c), 9(d) and 10(e) will survive the expiration or any earlier
termination of this GIP Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this GIP Agreement will not be deemed a
waiver of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this GIP Agreement.

If any part of this GIP Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by
any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability
will not affect the remainder of this GIP Agreement which will survive and be construed as if
such invalid or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and the parties hereto shall
immediately commence negotiations in good faith to reform this GIP Agreement to make
alternative provisions herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in
a manner that does not run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

All notices relating to this GIP Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier. or (ii) three (3) business days after
mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will
be addressed as follows:

(1) If to UCFF:

University of Central Florida Alumni Association
Administration Building, Room 340
Orlando, Florida 32816

ATTENTION: Mr. Tom Messina,
Director of Alumni Relations

Fax #: (407) 823-0172
With a copy to:

Robert J. Holmes, CEO
UCF Foundation, Inc.
12424 Research Parkway
Suite 250

Page 6 of 11
CONFIDENTIAL
