?YDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

?University? means University of Missouri and any office or department of, or affiliated or associated
with, the University of Missouri, including but not limited to the athletic department and the office of
student affairs of University of Missouri.

?University Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade
dress, trade name or trademark used or acquired by the University during the term of this Agreement.

(b) Rules of Interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following

rules shall apply hereto: (i) the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular; (ii)
?gr? is not exclusive and ?include? and ?including? are not limiting; (iii) a reference to any agreement
or other contract includes any permitted modifications, supplements, amendments and
replacements; (iv) a reference in this Agreement to a Section, schedule or exhibit is to the Section of
or schedule or exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided; (v) a reference to a
Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary,
refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or paragraph; (vi) words such as
?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?nereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement and not to any
particular clause hereof; (vii) ?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted; (viii) to the extent
this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of any matter by either or both
Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent
shall be granted or denied in such Party?s reasonable business judgment; and (ix) to the extent this
Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party or the other, unless the text
clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF MAA

(a) MAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither MAA nor any
MAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University, directly or indirectly:
(i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss with any
organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity other than
Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of MAA Trademarks
or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise
make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential
Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. In
addition, if MAA or any MAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such sales, MAA
shail not, and shall cause MAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over
any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding anything else
in this Agreement to the contrary, MAA may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted)
advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express
or implied endorsement by MAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product.

5

University OF Missourt ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).DOCX
