(f)

12.

(a)

(b)

(c)

both Parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card
Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to LSUAA, upon 90 days advance
written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card
Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 11(e), such
terminated program remains subject to the Sections in the Agreement that by its express terms are
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
in any other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall
be null and void, in each case as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of
the Agreement for just that program.

For the one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement for any reason, LSUAA agrees that neither LSUAA, University nor any LSUAA Affiliate shall, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, target any offer of a Financial Service Product
ora related product to persons who were Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, LSUAA may, after
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were Customers the
opportunity to participate in another financial service program endorsed by LSUAA, provided the
opportunity is not only made available to such persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all
Members and provided further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of
Bank, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all Members, The provisions
of this Subsection 11(f) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

If ordered or requested to do so by any Governmental Authority, Bank may terminate this Agreement
without further obligation or penalty upon reasonable prior notice to LSUAA effective as of the date
specified in such notice or as required by such Governmental Authority.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended, modified or supplemented except by written agreement signed by
the authorized agents of all Parties. Emails, including emails that bear an electronic ?signature block?
identifying the sender, do not constitute signed writings for purposes of this Subsection 12(a); provided,
however that changes of address/person may be accomplished by plain body of an e-mail delivered as
provided below in section 12(f).

This Agreement: (i) is a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of
the Parties with respect of the subject matter hereof and thereof; (ii) collectively constitute the entire
agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; and (iii) supersede,
merge, and integrate herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations,
understandings, and agreements between any of the Parties (including the Original Agreement),
whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof or thereof. This Agreement does not
and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement between the
Parties that survives the expiration or earlier termination of that agreement.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed
as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default-not expressly identified by such written waiver,
whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure
to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement
shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other-or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The provisions of this Subsection 12(c) shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

13

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement

