The Association, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, The Association agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. The Association grants
(and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of The Association, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) The Association shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to
provide The Association Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable
Law, the Training and Bank?s reasonable instruction. The Association shall be responsible for the full, faithful,
complete, accurate and timely performance of all Association Activities, whether performed by The Association
or any Subcontractor (including their respective Representatives). The Association shall be liable to Bank as
provided herein for any act or omission of its Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the
performance or failure to properly perform any of The Association?s obligation under this Agreement, including
The Association Activities. The provisions of this paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination
of this Agreement.

(I) Upon prior written notice, The Association shall permit Bank and shall cause its Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) to permit, facilitate, and cooperate with Bank?s (including Bank?s
Representatives) audit, inspection, monitoring, testing, and review of The Association and Subcontractors (and
their respective Representatives) with respect to The Association and its Subcontractor?s (and their respective
Representative?s) policies, procedures and controls in connection and compliance with Applicable Laws and
records as they relate to the Program, Information security, Association Activities and performance of The
Association?s duties and obligations hereunder (including Association Activities and whether undertaken or
conducted by or delegated to The Association?s Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). Bank
shall have the right to determine the scope of such audits, tests or inspections. The Parties shall mutually
determine the date, time, location and duration of the audit, tests or inspection, provided such date is within 10
days of Bank?s written notice. The Association shall promptly remediate and cause its Subcontractors (and their
respective Representatives) to promptly remediate any deficiencies found with respect to compliance with
Applicable Laws, and this Agreement as a result of such audits, tests or inspections. The Association?s failure or
refusal to (1) cooperate and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cooperate as
aforesaid or (2) promptly remediate any such deficiencies and cause its Subcontractors (and their respective
Representatives) to promptly remediate as aforesaid within 30 days of written notice to The Association shall be
deemed a material breach by The Association of this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term for a period of two years.

(m) The Association shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably
accessible location, all records pertaining to The Association Activities for the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years
from the date of creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records
available for review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to The Association?s customers other than applicants
or Customers; and (ii) deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with Association Activities. The
Association will give prior notice to Bank of requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information
within The Association?s possession or control (including, if applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, The Association shall reasonably cooperate with Bank in
seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions of this Subsection 2(m) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of the Wind-Down Period.

Execution Copy - Association of Former Students of Texas A&M Second A&R
