9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of North Carolina applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within
the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina and shall be deemed
for all purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina. The United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP COMMUNICATION/INFORMATION EFFORTS

(a) GKIHS will design and produce, at its expense, all communication/information material with regard to
any Program communication/information efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by GKIHS,
including, but not limited to, any GIP (?GKIHS Communication/information Effort?). GKIHS will give
Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort.
GKIHS will receive no reimbursement for any such expenses so incurred.

(b) All GIP communication/information materials will be coded by GKIHS as instructed by Bank for tracking
purposes. Credit Card Accounts (excluding Acquired Accounts) generated from any GIP will entitle
GKIHS to the Royalty for GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of
communication/information materials available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or
reference such coding will not be GIP Accounts and not eligible for any GIP Royalty.

(c) Bank will have the right of prior approval of all communication/information materials to be used in any
GKIHS Communication/Information Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope,
timing, content and continuation of any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort. In furtherance of the
above, GKIHS shall immediately discontinue any or all GKIHS Communication/Information Efforts upon
receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank requesting such discontinuance. GKIHS
will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort
without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d) All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any GKIHS
Communication/information Effort or of supporting any GKIHS Communication/Information Effort will
be promptly reimbursed by GKIHS upon demand. .

(e) GKIHS will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the
Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any GKIHS Communication/Information
Effort.

(f) GKIHS will display all the products offered under the Program on GKIHS?s home page, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of GKIHS as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at GKIHS?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such display to
another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each such display, to
enable a person to apply for each dispiayed Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts
generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle GKIHS to the GIP compensation
set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. GKIHS will modify
or remove such displays within twenty-four (24) hours of Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all
Program material, GKIHS will provide Bank with the abitity to access any and all pages within the GKIHS

ll

GOLDEN KY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINIFY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION COPY)
