THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
University of Delaware Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1% day of July, 2018 (the ?Effective
Date?) by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in
Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and University of Delaware Alumni Association, a corporation having
its principal place of business in Newark, Delaware (?UDAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or
?Parties?), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, UDAA and Bank are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Affinity
Agreement dated July 1, 2012, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank
provides certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on
behalf of UDAA; and

WHEREAS, UDAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its
entirety as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
UDAA and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein,
capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether used in the plural or
singular, in any tense or part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of
Interpretation therein shall apply to this Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the
meanings set forth in the context of their use.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UDAA

(a){(1})_ UDAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that
neither UDAA nor any UDAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, and unless notice of intent not to renew
has been given pursuant to Subsection 8(b), solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss
with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any
entity other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by
others of the UDAA Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to
sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its marketing fists, mailing lists, or information
about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service
Products of any entity other than Bank. In addition, if UDAA or any UDAA Affiliate sells any
product or service, in connection with such sales, UDAA shall not, and shall cause UDAA
Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product
or method of payment offered under the Program.

Final University of Delaware Alumni Assoc Third AR Affinity Agreement (Execution Copy}
