?Person? means and includes an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an
association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, other
business entity or a Governmental Entity (or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).

?Premium Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Premium Reward Enhancement.

?Premium Reward Enhancement? means a premium Reward Enhancement as provided through Bank
and offered as part of the Program. A Premium Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name
(e.g:, BankAmericard Cash Rewards?), as determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Premium Reward GIP Account? means a Premium Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which
LSUAA complies with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, of the Financial Service
Products Bank agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to time.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress,
trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by ?either Party (including its Affiliates) during the
Term and used to promote or identify products or services offered by Bank through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of one or more LSUAA Trademarks, with or
without other elements.

?Representative? means, with respect to a Person, any employee, officer, director, or agent of such
Person and in the case of a partnership, also includes general and limited partners thereof and further in
the case of a limited liability company or corporation, also includes members of such company or
corporation.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement-as provided through Bank and offered as part of
the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be marketed under a name (e.g., World Points), as

determined by Bank from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Reward GIP Account? means a Reward Account opened pursuant to a GIP in which LSUAA complies
with the GIP provisions of this Agreement.

?Royalties? means the compensation designated as such and set forth in SCHEDULE A.
?Term? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 8.

?UDAP? means any unfair, deceptive act or practice as informed by Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act, as amended.

?UDAAP? has the same meaning ascribed the phrase ?unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under
Federal law? as used in the Dodd-Frank Act, ?1031, codified at 12 U.S.C. ? 5531, as amended.

?University? means Louisiana State University and any office or department of, or affiliated or

associated with, Louisiana State University, including but not limited to the athletic department and the
office of student affairs of Louisiana State University.

Execution Copy -LSU Alumni Association Second A&R Affinity Agreement
