Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g)(1) Without the prior written consent of Bank, IUAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their) obligations
under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including Information) and
operational systems.

(2) Bank may not assign or transfer its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement without the
written consent of IUAA; provided however, that Bank may assign or transfer, without consent or notice,
its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement to any Person or Persons:

(i) pursuant to order of, or reorganization by any Governmental Authority;

(ii) other than a subsidiary or an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
Bank (a ?Bank Affiliate"), pursuant to a sale or series of related sales (other than a sale as
described in subsection (iii), below) as long as such prospective buyer (or buyers) has (or have)
substantially similar customer satisfaction standards as Bank;

(iii) other than a Bank Affiliate, pursuant to a merger, consolidation, or a sale of all or substantially
all the assets of Bank; or,

(iv) which are Bank Affiliates.

(3) Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.
Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be performed, offered or
provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent a Person has a right to be indemnified under this
Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement.

(j) [Intentionally Omitted]

-20-
