incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the ISUAA Trademarks
or University Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may
deduct such costs from any Royalties due ISUAA. If such costs exceed Royalties then due ISUAA, upon
demand ISUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once quarterly and within 30 days of Bank?s request, ISUAA shall provide Bank with its
entire and complete updated Marketing List free of any charge; provided, however, that ISUAA shall not
include in any Marketing List the name and/or related information regarding any Member who has
expressly requested that ISUAA not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is
under the age of eighteen (18) at the time the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs
a cost because of a charge assessed by ISUAA or its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to
the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs from any payments (including Royalties) then due
ISUAA. {f such costs exceed such payments, upon demand ISUAA shall promptly reimburse Bank for all
such costs. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, ISUAA shall provide the first Marketing List, containing
the required information for at least one hundred forty-seven thousand (147,000) non-duplicate
Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after ISUAA?s execution of this
Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, ISUAA represents and warrants that the Marketing List has
been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) ISUAA shall, and shall cause any ISUAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to ISUAA. Notwithstanding the above, ISUAA may respond to individual inquiries about the
Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by Bank to ISUAA. Any correspondence received by
ISUAA that is intended for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the
Bank account executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight
courier expenses incurred by ISUAA shail be paid by Bank. For any inquiries or requests received by
ISUAA that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address changes, deceased
notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) ISUAA hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license for the Term of this
Agreement to use the ISUAA Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Program and, subject
ISUAA?s right of approval set forth in Section 2(d), on or in conjunction with all Financial Service
Products. Bank understands that the use of ISUAA and University Trademarks must be consistent with
the ISUTLO guidelines and procedures for the use of trademarks. It shall be ISUAA?s responsibility,
however, to ensure compliance with such guidelines and procedures. This license transfers to the
assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in
Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the ISUAA Trademarks and University Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such ISUAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. !SUAA shall provide Bank
all ISUAA Trademark and University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art} required by
Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after ISUAA?s execution of this
Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits ISUAA from granting to other persons a license
to use the ISUAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other
service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. As of the Effective Date and throughout
the Term, ISUAA represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the right to grant such license to the
Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.
