DocuSign Envelope ID: F6FC3B66-3615-4799-83C9-E4D5649B30C8

Affinity Agreement
University of Colorado Boulder Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1 day of October, 2019 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and between Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware
(?Bank?) and the Regents of the University of Colorado, a body corporate, for the use and benefit of the
University of Colorado Boulder (?University of Colorado Boulder?), an educational institution, for itself and on
behalf of the University of Colorado Boulder Alumni Association (?University of Colorado Boulder Alumni
Association?) (collectively, ?University of Colorado Boulder?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or ?Parties?),
for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, University of Colorado Boulder and Bank are parties to that certain Affinity Agreement dated
September 1, 2013, as the same has been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides certain
financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of University of
Colorado Boulder; and,

WHEREAS, University of Colorado Boulder and Bank mutuaily desire to amend and restate the Previous
Agreement in its entirety as of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this

Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,
University of Colorado Boulder and Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or part of
speech, and regardless of gender. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
context of their use.

?Activated Account? means a Credit Card Account which remains open for at least 90 consecutive days
and that is used by the Customer within the first 90 consecutive days of it?s opening for at least one
purchase or cash advance that is not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request, or
otherwise disputed.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or organization. The
term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with? means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7(b).

?Agreement? means this agreement, and Schedules A through C, as may be amended or supplemented
from time to time.

?Applicable Law? means, with respect to a Person any: (i) federal, state, or local faw {including common
law}, ordinance, statute, treaty, rule, judgment, regulation, regulatory bulletin or guidance, regulatory

examinations, licensing requirements, agreements, formal direction, or orders including judicial or

-1-
