(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, representatives or employees of each other.
No Party shall have the power to obligate or bind any other Party in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

{i} Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to confer any rights or benefits upon
any Person other than the Parties hereto or to make or render any such other Person a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement, except to the extent that a Representative or an Affiliate of either Party
or any officers, directors, agents, representatives or employees of a Party or its Affiliates has any rights
(including a right to be indemnified) under this Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 12(i) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j) Each Party recognizes and agrees that each other Party's goodwill and reputation in the
marketplace are valuable and intangible assets; therefore, each Party agrees that it shall not conduct
itself or engage in any activity in a manner that may adversely affect these assets,

(k) No Party shall make any statement, whether written, oral or otherwise, to any Person which
criticizes, disparages, condemns or impugns the reputation or character of any other Party or any of its
Affiliates, the Program or the Financial Service Products offered therein, whether or not the statement is
true and whether or not it is characterized as confidential.

(I) No Party shall be held responsible for any delay or failure in performance to the extent such
delay or failure is caused by fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, war, strike, embargo, government laws,
rules, regulations or requirements, civil or military authority, act of God, act or omission of carriers or
other similar causes beyond its control, that was not reasonably foreseeable or avoidable, and without
the fault or negligence and/or lack of diligence of the delayed Party (?force majeure condition?). A non-
delayed Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if such force majeure condition endures
for more than 120 days by providing the delayed Party with least 30 days? prior written notice of such
termination, which notice must be received by all Parties within 10 days after the expiration of the 120
day period.

(m) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree to
accept a digital image of this Agreement, as executed, as a true and correct original and admissible as
best evidence to the extent permitted by a court with proper jurisdiction. The Parties agree that if a
representative of each of the Parties signs this Agreement (whether manually or electronically) and
transmits such Agreement to the other Party or Parties via facsimile or electronically transmitted
portable document format, the Agreement shall be treated in all manner and respects as having an
original signature (or counterpart thereof) and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects
as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of a Party, each other
Party hereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall
raise the use of a facsimile machine, electronic signature or electronic transmission in portable document
format or the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use of facsimile
machine or electronic transmission in portable document format as a defense to this Agreement and
each such Person forever waives any such defense. The provisions of this Subsection 12(m) shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(n) This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Parties hereto and their respective
counsel. No provision, Section or Subsection of this Agreement shall be read, construed or interpreted

15S

