Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
BAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to
Bank. BAA may not (and shall cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not
to) use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by
Bank through the Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. BAA shall not (and
shall cause its subcontractors and its and their respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to
register any Program Trademark. The provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) BAA acknowledges that Bank has directed BAA's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and BAA has
reviewed that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any BAA Marketing Effort. Bank reserves the right of prior written approval
of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of BAA.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any BAA Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of BAA.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of BAA. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by BAA.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place BAA Trademarks or University Trademarks
on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium items, including t-shirts, hats,
?pobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account
applications. BAA will have approval rights of the use and appearance of the BAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right to
use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not be required to pay any third party (e.g., any
producer, licensor (ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and premiums) royalties or other compensation
otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of BAA or a BAA Affiliate for such gifts or premiums.

3

Drart - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI Assoc THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)
