organization other than Bank the providing of any Financial Service Products of any entity other than
Bank; provided, however, GKIHS shall not, directly or indirectly, prior to the term end date: (i) endorse,
advertise, offer or market any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank, or (ii) license or
allow others to use ar license the Trademarks for use in relation to or for promoting or supporting any
Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank.

(b) GKIHS agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably requested by
Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) GKIHS authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, email, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program.

(d) GKIHS shall have the right of prior approval of the use of a GKIHS Trademark in Program advertising and
solicitation materials to be used by Bank that contain a GKIHS Trademark; such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. (f the Bank incurs a cost {e.g., the cost of reissuing new credit cards)
because of a change in GKIHS Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar
materials, Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due GKIHS. If such costs exceed Royalties
then due GKIHS, if requested by Bank, GKIHS shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e} At least once annually and within 30 days of Bank?s request, GKIHS shall provide Bank with its entire and
complete Marketing List; provided, however, that GKIHS shall not include in any Marketing List the
name and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that GKIHS not
provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the
information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by GKIHS
ar its agents for an initial Marketing List or an update to the Marketing List, Bank may deduct such costs
fram Royalties due GKIHS. if such costs exceed Royalties then due GKIHS, if requested by Bank, GKIHS
shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs. GKIHS shall provide the first Marketing List, containing
the required information for at least eight hundred thousand (800,000) non-duplicate Member names,
as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after GKIHS?s execution of this Agreement. With each
delivery to Bank, GKIHS represents and warrants that the Marketing List has been prepared in
accordance with Appticable Law, including but not limited to the ECOA and the GLBA.

(f) GKIHS shall, and shall cause any GKIHS Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate with Members or potential Members about the Program with Bank's prior written
approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by Bank to GKIHS.
Notwithstanding the above, GKIHS may respond to individual inquiries about the Program from its
Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and consistent with the then-
current materials provided by Bank to GKIHS. Any correspondence received by GKIHS that is intended
for Bank (e.g., applications, payments, billing inquiries) shall be forwarded to the Bank account
executive via overnight courier within 24 hours of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses
incurred by GKIHS shall be paid by Bank.

(g) GKIHS hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use GKIHS Trademarks with the
Program. This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for
the duration of this Agreement and shail apply to GKIHS Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of
such GKIHS Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation,
organization, or individual. GKIHS shall provide Bank all GKIHS Trademark production materials (e.g.,
camera-ready art} required by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
GKIHS's execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits GKIHS from granting
to other persons a license to use GKIHS Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any other
service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. GKIHS represents, warrants and covenants

6

GOLDEN KEY INTERNATIONAL HONOUR SOCIETY SECOND A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT [EXECLITION COPY)
