one or more of the ISO27000 series of standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter
provided for by the ISO27000 Directory or any successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor
or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board or any successor organization). JMG will not require, and will cause its Subcontractors, their
Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further agreement as a condition to
delivering such reports to Bank.

(n) JMG acknowledges that Bank has directed JMG?s attention to 12 C.F.R. ? 1026.57(b) and has
requested that JMG review that regulation with its legal counsel.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK

(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.

(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program
except for materials used in any Group Marketing Effort as set forth in this Agreement. Bank reserves
the right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be
developed by or on behalf of JMG.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort as set forth in this Agreement.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of JMG.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and in compliance with Applicable Laws and shall not permit those entities
handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to
designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material shall or shall not be sent.
These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of UGAA. However, Bank may maintain
separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an
application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be
subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this separate information in a
manner that would imply an endorsement by JMG, UGAA, or University.

(f) Subject to Applicable Law, and to JMG?s prior written approval in each instance, Bank has the
right to place UGAA Trademarks on gifts for individuals completing applications and on other premium
items, including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the
solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. JMG will have approval rights of the use and appearance
of the UGAA Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to Subsection 2(d), but grants Bank the right
to use approved materials at Bank?s reasonable discretion. Bank must obtain all promotional premium
products bearing UGAA Trademarks from a JMG-approved licensed provider, which shall be responsible
for assuring such products comply with all applicable UGAA licensing requirements (including, but not
limited to, compliance with applicable licensing-royalty payments).

(g) Bank acknowledges the UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks are and will remain the
exclusive property of UGAA and University, respectively, each of which is the sole owner of its UGAA
Trademarks and University Trademarks and their associated goodwill, and Bank, by reason of this
Agreement or otherwise, has not acquired any right, title, interest or ownership claim to them. Bank?s
use of the UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks, and any and all goodwill arising from such
usage, inures solely to, respectively, UGAA?s and University?s benefit.
