(i.e., by requesting a delivery receipt), or at such other time as the recipient acknowledges
receipt. To be valid for purposes of this Agreement, all notices must be addressed as follows:

(1) If to UBAA:

UB Alumni Association, Inc.
University at Buffalo

201 Harriman Hall

Buffalo, New York 14214-8025

ATTENTION: MS. Carrie Smith, Resource Management Officer
Resource Management Officer

Facsimile : 716-829-2515
e-mail: cesmith8 @buffalo.edu

(2) If to Bank:

Bank of America, N.A.
1000 Samoset Drive
DE5-021-02-07
Newark, DE 19713

ATTENTION: ? Contract Administration

Facsimile: 206-585-9732
e-mail: cadminis@bankofamerica.com

(3) Any Party may change the mail and e-mail addresses to which communications are to be
sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address. Communication sent using
e-mail properly addressed as required by this Section 12(f) shall be presumed properly sent
notwithstanding the receipt by the sender of an undeliverable notice or similar automated
response.

(g) Without the prior written consent of Bank, UBAA will not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to not) assign any of its rights or delegate any of its (or their)
obligations under or arising from this Agreement, including access to the Bank?s data (including
Information) or grant access to Bank?s operational systems. Any such attempted assignment,
delegation, or grant shall be void ab initio. Bank may use the services of any third-party in fulfilling its
obligations under this Agreement. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement
may be performed, offered or provided by or through Bank?s Affiliates.

(h) The Parties are not agents, joint or co-venturers, partners, representatives or employees of each

other. Neither Party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as
otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement.

-19-

EXECUTION Copy- UB ALUMNI ASSOCIATION THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) (002)
