possible but no later than 30 days after NU?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in this
Agreement prohibits NU from granting to other persons a license to use the NU Trademarks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products
See also Subsection 2(a). As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, NU represents, warrants and
covenants to Bank it has the right to grant such exclusive license to the Bank for use as contemplated
hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain a
NU Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively to Bank. NU may not (and shall
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives not to) use any Program Trademark,
except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the Program and only
to the extent consistent with this Agreement. NU shall not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant Bank any right or license in any NU
Trademark beyond the license granted in Section 2(g).

(i) Within two Business Days of receipt, NU shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of NU (or its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). To the extent reasonably
requested, NU shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to)
cooperate with and assist Bank in the resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain NU Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis NU shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, NU shall
cease to perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease
performing NU Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by
NU, such Subcontractor (and their respective Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s
satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, NU agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and their
respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
representations and warranties under this Agreement (including Training) in writing. NU grants (and to
cause its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives to grant) Bank the right to monitor and
review such compliance on the part of NU, its Subcontractors (and its and their respective
Representatives).

(3) NU shall, and shall cause its Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to provide NU
Activities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Applicable Law, the Training
and Bank?s reasonable instruction. NU shall be responsible for the full, faithful, complete, accurate and
timely performance of all NU Activities, whether performed by NU or any Subcontractor (including their
respective Representatives). NU shall be liable to Bank as provided herein for any act or omission of its
Subcontractors (and its Representatives) in connection with the performance or failure to properly
perform any of NU?s obligation under this Agreement, including the NU Activities. The provisions of this
paragraph (3) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
