(b)

(a)

(b)

(?)

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iti) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect;

(vy) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

UHAA represents and warrants to Bank as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this
Agreement and any period thereafter that Bank has the right to use the UHAA Trademarks or
University Trademarks to wind down the Program that it has the right and power to (i) license
UHAA Trademarks and (ii) sublicense the University Trademarks to Bank for use as
contemplated by this Agreement, and to provide the Marketing List(s) to Bank for the promotion
of the Program. UHAA will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, and its directors,
officers, agents, employees, Affiliates, successors and assigns, from and against all liability,
causes of action, and claims, and will reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection
therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license or
sublicense, as the case may be, of UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks granted herein,
or from Bank's use of the UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks in reliance thereon, or
from the use of any Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each party will promptly notify
the other party upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any
UHAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

ROYALTIES

During the term of this Agreement, Bank will pay Royalties to UHAA. Royalties will not be
paid until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is
fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in Schedule A, payment of
Royalties then due will be made approximately forty-five (45) days after the end of each
calendar quarter.

The parties agree that as of the Effective Date, Bank will not pay Royalties to UHAA for any
Student Credit Card Accounts, however, pursuant to the trademark license and/or sublicense
granted by UHAA to Bank pursuant to this Agreement, Bank will have the right to use the
UHAA Trademarks or University Trademarks on all Financial Service Products offered under
the Program during the term of the Agreement.

If at any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any card network?s interchange
rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since
the Effective Date, has more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including

Page 7 of 20
CONFIDENTIAL

