UCLAAA Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank
requesting such discontinuance. UCLAAA will not deviate from the approved materials and pian for any
UCLAAA Marketing Effort without the prior written approval of Bank; provided, however, , UCLAAA is
not under an obligation to continue or conduct any UCLAAA Marketing Effort if it does not agree with
changes to the content of GIP marketing materials required by Bank.

(d

=

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any UCLAAA
Marketing Effort or of supporting any UCLAAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by UCLAAA
upon demand.

(e) Bank and UCLAAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending
Act, the Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any UCLAAA Marketing Effort,
except where the failure to so comply does not have a material and adverse effect on the Program.

(f} UCLAAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on UCLAAA?s home page, account
profile pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of UCLAAA as the parties
shall mutually agree upon, all at UCLAAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each
such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each advertised Financial Service Product. Any
Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a hyperlink or telephone number will entitle UCLAAA
to the GIP compensation set forth in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. UCLAAA will modify or remove such advertisements within twenty-four (24) hours of
Bank?s request. To enable Bank to view all Program material, UCLAAA will provide Bank with the ability
to access any and all pages within the UCLAAA internet site(s), including without limitation any
?members only? or other restricted access pages that display Program material.

During the term of this Agreement, UCLAAA agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and on an
ongoing basis the following UCLAAA Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the Program: {i) online
marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, standalone e-mails, e-
newsletters, welcome kit e-mails, and digital magazines; and (ii) offline marketing efforts, which would
include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which shall
include, but not be limited to, publication ads, magazine inserts, welcome kits, coupon books, member
directories, statement messages, statement inserts, flyers, renewal notices, event notifications and VRU
messaging.

(g

(h

Subsections (c), (d), and {e) of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

11. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice to the breaching Party. This notice shall (i) include a description of the
material breach; and (ii) state the Party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching Party
does not cure or substantially cure such breach within 60 days after receipt of notice, as provided herein

(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate 60 days after the Cure Period.
(b) If either Bank or UCLAAA:

() commences a voluntary case under title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding
provisions of any successor laws;

Pinal | xecution Copy - UCLA Alumni A-soc Second AR Ailinity Agreement (2)
