Agreement. The provisions of this Subsection 2(I) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term
for a period of 2 years.

(m) GW shall maintain (and make available) at no additional cost to Bank, in a reasonably accessible
location, all records pertaining to GW Activities for the period of time as instructed in writing by the Bank with
respect to such records or in absence of such instruction, the greater of: (i) a period of 7 years from the date of
creation or the date to which such records relate; or (ii) as required by Applicable Law. Records available for
review shall exclude any records: (i) pertaining to GW?s customers other than applicants or Customers; and (ii)
deemed proprietary and confidential and not associated with GW Activities. GW will give prior notice to Bank of
requests by any Governmental Authority for Bank?s Information within GW?s possession or control (including, if
applicable, that of its Subcontractors and their respective Representatives). At Bank?s written request, GW shall
reasonably cooperate with Bank in seeking a protective order with respect to such Information. The provisions
of this Subsection 2(m) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term and the conclusion of the
Wind-Down Period.

(n) During the Term, solely to the extent covering systems/processes/applications that are relevant to
fulfilling GW?s responsibilities under the Agreement, prepared by or on behalf of GW or otherwise made
available to GW and requested in writing by Bank, GW will promptly deliver to Bank at Bank?s expense a copy of
findings from any independent audit firm attestation, assurance and/or audit report covering GW?s and
Subcontractors (and their Representatives) operations as a services organization providing GW Activities such as
an SSAE 16, Type II Audit Report (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the
American Institute of CPAs or any successor organization), reports on any one or more of the ISO27000 series of
standards (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the IS027000 Directory or any
successor organization) and ISAE 3402 (or any successor or replacement reports hereafter provided for by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board or any successor organization). GW will not require, and
will cause its Subcontractors, their Representatives and preparers of such reports not to require, any further
agreement as a condition to delivering such reports to Bank.

(o) GW acknowledges that Bank has directed GW's attention to 12 C.F.R. ?1026.57(b) and GW has reviewed
that regulation with its legal counsel.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BANK
(a) Bank shall design, develop, maintain, and administer the Program for the Members.
(b) Bank shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in the Program including, if

Bank provides specimen marketing materials pursuant to Section 10(a). Bank reserves the right of prior written
approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program that may be developed by or on behalf of GW.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in Bank
Marketing Channels.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of GW.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any other purpose.
Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom promotional material
shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of GW. However, Bank
may maintain separately and shall own all information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an
application for an account relationship. This information becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject

-9-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
