indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives) and all of
their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims and shall reimburse
Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court
expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case may be, from Bank's permitted use
of the UNCCAA Trademarks and University Trademarks in reliance thereon or from the permitted use of any
Marketing List(s) by Bank for the Program. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon learning of any
claims or complaints relating to the license or the use of any UNCCAA Trademarks, University Trademarks or
Marketing Lists. The provisions of this Subsection 4(b) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

(c) As of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, Foundation and UNCCAA represent and warrant that
neither they nor their Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives, and their Agents) is the subject of
any sanctions imposed by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s
Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s
Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is Foundation and UNCCAA or its
Representatives or Subcontractors located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of
Sanctions. Foundation and UNCCAA represent and warrant that neither it nor its Representatives and
Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. Foundation and UNCCAA represent and
warrant that neither they nor their Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their Agents) will use
this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities with any Person or
in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any
other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this Subsection 4(c)
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in Schedule A to Foundation with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to Foundation until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form)
or other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in
Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of
each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more than a de
minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product
or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify
Foundation in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the
Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after Foundation?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the
Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other
financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the
Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to Foundation, upon 90 days
advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card
Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(d), such terminated
program remains subject to the applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms is
meant to survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any
other provision of this Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and

-12-

EXECUTION Copy - THE FOUNDATION OF THE UNC AT CHARLOTTE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AFFINITY AGREEMENT
