Equal to US $30,000.00 (thirty thousand and 00/100 U.S. Dollars) if three hundred (300)
or more GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts
opened in aggregate in a Contract Year become Qualifying GIP Accounts.

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a
Contract Year, Bank shall include:

(i) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts
that are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in
the same Contract Year: and

Gi) GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts

that are opened in a Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in

the next Contract Year.
3. Bank will provide UCFF timely and detailed reports of all GIP activity each and (\\_ SDA
every Contract Year within one hundred thirty-five (135) calendar days of the end of dd@h
Contract Year. Any payments owed by Bank to UCFF under this Section B will be made one 2/ fs
hundred thirty-five (135) calendar days after the end of the applicable Contract Year. These
GIP payments from Bank to UCFF are separate and incremental from the Accrued
Royalties, Advances, and Royalty Guarantee and are not subject to set-off, repayment or
other return mechanism.

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary. any obligations of
Bank to pay any Qualifying GIP Account Bonus pursuant to this Section B for a given

Contract Year shall be expressly contingent upon the Agreement having been in full force

and effect for the entire Contract Year.

8. Except as amended by this Addendum, all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the
Agreement are valid, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Any
inconsistencies between this Addendum and the Agreement shall be governed by this Addendum.
Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through Bank? s
affiliates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the Agreement, as amended by
this Addendum. shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of North Carolina and shall be
deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina.

9. This Addendum may be executed in any number of counterparts. each of which shall be
considered an original, and all of which shall be deemed one and the same instrument. The Agreement,
as amended by this Addendum, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered and no other or prior promises, negotiations or discussions. oral or written, made by any party
or its employees, officers or agents shall be valid and binding.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto, by its representative, has executed this Addendum as of
the Addendum Effective Date, and such party and its representative warrant that such representative is
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Addendum for and on behalf of such party.

2

Wed,11 Feb 2015 9:26:44
