CUSTOMER LIST ADDENDUM
TO THE SAINT LOUIS UNIVERSITY AGREEMENT (4

THIS ADDENDUM (the "Addendum?) is entered into this / day of Leh , 200_5. by and between
Saint Louis University ("SLU"); and MBNA America Bank, N.A., ("MBNA merica?), for themselves and

their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, SLU and MBNA America are parties to an affinity agreement, as the-same may have been
amended (the "Agreement?), wherein MBNA America provides certain financial services to certain persons
included in certain lists provided to MBNA America by or on behalf of SLU; and

WHEREAS, the parties wish to provide for a Customer List (as defined herein);

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, SLU and
MBNA America agree as follows:

1, The above recitals are incorporated herein and deemed a part of this Addendum.

2, Each year during the term of the Agreement (provided that notice of a party?s intention to
termination the Agreement has not been given), MBNA America shall provide SLU with a list of information
(e.g., names and addresses) about Customers as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties (hereinafter the
"Customer List"). When used in this Addendum, the term ?Customer List? includes any whole or partial
copies or compilations of a Customer List in any form or any medium, any information derived solely from a
Customer List, and all Customer Information, as hereinafter defined.

Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement, MBNA America shall not provide any Customer List or
Customer Information otherwise required to be provided by it to SLU, and may restrict any use by SLU of any
Customer List or Customer Information which is provided by MBNA America to SLU, if MBNA America is
prohibited from disclosing the same or permitting such use because of any law, regulation, bankwide privacy
policy, public privacy pledge, court order, tule, consent decree, or individual present or former Customer
request, or if the provision of such information or its intended use would create an additional regulatory
compliance burden on MBNA America.

3. SLU shall return to MBNA America each Customer List, in the same form as received by
SLU within thirty (30) days of receipt of such Customer List. On or before the effective date of termination of
the Agreement, SLU agrees that it shall: (i) immediately destroy and purge from all its systems al! information
within each Customer List to the extent that such information in any way relates to MBNA America, the
Program or Credit Card Accounts ("Customer Information"); and (ii) return or destroy within thirty (30) days
all Customer Information that is in tangible form, including any and all full or partial copies, or reproductions
thereof in any medium whatsoever. All destruction of Customer Lists shall be done in strict accordance with
MBNA America's then current destruction policy.

4. Any Customer List provided to SLU may contain ?dummy? information (e.g., names, account
information, addresses, efc.) so that unauthorized use of a Customer List may be determined. This information
will be unknown to SLU. A violation of this Addendum is conclusively proven and the damages named
hereinafter shall be deemed owed when MBNA America establishes the following:

(a) that MBNA America placed ?dummy? information on the list (e.g., name(s), account information,
address(es), etc. );

(b) that the ?dummy? information received any mailings which were sent or generated outside the
scope of the permitted use of the Customer List; and

G:Depv/Sales_K/Contract/S/Saint Louis Univ _CLADD
02/05/0t
