03/02/2016 17:01 FAX a

4.

(a)

()

(?)

I
AAUM, University and Bank

U-W_OGC 010/033

W. NTIES

cach represent and warrant to the other party that as of the

Effective Date and throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

(ii) It has all necessary p:
perform its obligations und.

(iii) This Agreement cons
enforceable against such part
limited by bankruptey, insolv

wer and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
this Agreement;

tutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
cy, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting

the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, approval,
the negotiation, execution, de!
been obtained and are in full

(v)

constitute a violation of any

or authorization from any third party is required in connection with
jivery and performance of this Agreement, except such as have
ree and effect;

The execution, ealivety and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
1

w, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such party.

AAUM and University, respectively, represent and warrant to Bank as of the date hereof,

throughout the term of this A
right to use AAUM or Univ

contemplated by this Agreem:

eement and for any period thereafter during which Bank has the
ity Trademarks that AAUM and University have the right and

t. AAUM additionally represents and warrants that AAUM shall

power to license, ib Agena A and University Trademarks to Bank for use as

provide the Marketing List(s)

?o Bank for the promotion of the Program, provided that no

Marketing Lists shall be provided and no new marketing efforts undertaken by Bank as of the

date of termination of this

will indemnify, defend and
Affiliates, successors and assi
will reimburse Bank's reason:

eement. To the extent permitted by law, AAUM and University
d harmless Bank, and its directors, officers, agents, employees,

, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims, and
le and actual costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith

(including reasonable attorneys? fees and court expenses), arising from the license or sublicense,

as the case may be, of the in
Bank's use of the indemnifyin
lawful use of any Marketing
expense is due to AAUM?s or

ifying party?s respective Trademarks as granted herein, or from
party?s respective Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the

st(s) by Bank for the Program, where such liability, claim, cost or

niversity?s respective negligent acts or omissions in the licensing

or provision of the Trademarks or in providing the Marketing List(s). Each party will promptly
notify the other parties upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to the license or the
use of any AAUM Trademarks, University Trademarks or Marketing Lists.

AAUM represents and warrants as of the date hereof and throughout the Term that neither it nor
its respective representatives, and its and their Agents) is the subject of any sanctions
administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets
Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is AAUM, or its
representatives located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of
Sanctions. AAUM represents pnd warrants that neither it nor its representatives has or during the

Page 9 of 31
CONFIDENTIAL

