8. TERM OF AGREEMENT
(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and end on September 30, 2022
(?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least 90 and not more than 180
days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT
This Agreement is governed by, and is to be interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal
Laws of the State of North Carolina applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within
the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of laws rules or
provisions (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina and shall be deemed
for all purposes to be made and fully performed in North Carolina. The United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

10. GROUP MARKETING

(a

MAA will design and produce, at its expense, all marketing material with regard to any Program
marketing efforts being conducted, directly or indirectly, by MAA, including, but not limited to, any GIP
(?MAA Marketing Effort?). MAA will give Bank sixty (60) days prior notice prior to engaging in any MAA
Marketing Effort.

(b

All GIP marketing materials will be coded by MAA as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes. Credit
Card Accounts (excluding Acquired Accounts) generated from any GIP will entitle MAA to the Royalty for
GIP specified in Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, Credit Card Accounts opened from or arising out of marketing materials
available to, or inquiries from Members which do not contain or reference such coding will not be GIP
Accounts and not eligible for any GIP Royalty.

s

Bank will have the right of prior approval of all marketing materials to be used in any MAA Marketing
Effort. Bank has control over, in its sole discretion, the scope, timing, content and continuation of any
MAA Marketing Effort. In furtherance of the above, MAA shall immediately discontinue any or all MAA
Marketing Efforts upon receipt of, and in accordance with the, written notice from Bank requesting such
discontinuance. MAA will not deviate from the approved materials and plan for any MAA Marketing
Effort without the prior written approval of Bank.

(d

All costs incurred by Bank in producing and mailing materials created pursuant to any MAA Marketing
Effort or of supporting any MAA Marketing Effort will be promptly reimbursed by MAA upon demand.

(e) MAA will comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Truth in Lending Act, the
Truth and Savings Act, GLBA, and the ECOA, with respect to any MAA Marketing Effort.

(f) MAA will advertise all the products offered under the Program on MAA?s home page, account profile
pages and such other prominent locations within the internet site(s) of MAA as the parties shall
mutually agree upon, all at MAA?s expense. Bank may establish a hyperlink from each such
advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may provide a telephone number in each

10

UNIveRSITY OF MIssouR! ALUMNI Assoc SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).Docx
