Association Trademarks being subject to prior approval by Association as provided for in Section 2(d).
Bank reserves the right of prior written approval of all materials concerning or related to the Program
that may be developed by or on behalf of Association.

(c) Bank shall bear all costs of Bank?s production and mailing materials for the Program used in
Bank Marketing Channels.
(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's

account(s) independently of Association.

(e) Bank shalt use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of Florida State University. However, Bank may maintain separately and shall own all
information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account
relationship between Bank and the Customers under the Program. This information becomes a part of
Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank shall not use this
separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by Association.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

{a) Association and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective
Date:

(i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;

{ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity;

(iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in
connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

{v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party shall not
constitute a violation of Applicable Law.

(b) As of the Effective Date, throughout the Term and during the period that Association
Trademarks or University Trademarks remain in use hereunder, Association represents and warrants to
Bank that Association has the right and power to license Association Trademarks and sublicense the
University Trademarks to Bank for use as contemplated by this Agreement and to provide the Marketing
List(s) to Bank for the promotion of the Program. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Association
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bank, its Affiliates (including their respective Representatives)
and all of their successors and assigns, from and against all liability, causes of action, and claims and
shall reimburse Bank?s costs, fees and expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable
attorneys? fees and court expenses) arising from the license or sublicense granted herein, as the case

-10-
