10.

and Agents), including application software, databases, servers, firewalls, routers and switches, hubs
and to all of AAAI?s other Information handling practices.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this
Agreement.

TERM OF AGREEMENT

(a) The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further agreement of the Parties, end on June 30,
2027 (?Initial Term?).

(b) This Agreement shall automatically extend at the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term for
successive two-year periods, unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement or by further
agreement of the Parties (each a ?Renewal Term?; and together with the Initial Term, the ?Term?),
unless either Party gives written notice of its intention not to allow auto-renew at least 90 and not more
than 180 days, prior to the end of the then current Term.

STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, including jurisdiction, venue, matters of
construction, validity and performance shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the internal Laws of the State of Delaware (including statute of limitations) applicable to contracts
entered into and performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of laws rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware and
shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in Delaware. The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and excluded.

Notwithstanding the forgoing, any claim or cause of action in connection with this Agreement brought
by or against the Board of Trustees of the University of Arkansas or its institutions, its property, or
concerning its rights in the University Trademarks shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the internal Laws of the State of Aransas.

GROUP MARKETING

(a) With Bank?s prior written consent, AAAI may conduct solicitation efforts for credit card products
offered under the Program using AAAI Marketing Channels; provided AAAI pays for all marketing and
solicitation expenses associated with such efforts other than the specimen marketing materials, if any,
provided by Bank as described below; and further provided the Parties mutually agree that such
marketing shall qualify for treatment pursuant to this Section 10 (?Group Marketing Effort? or ?GIP?).
Bank may provide, in its sole and unfettered discretion specimen marketing materials for AAAI?s use in
connection AAAI?s Group Marketing Efforts. If Bank makes such specimens available, AAAI will only use
such specimens to prepare all marketing materials used in Group Marketing Efforts. Except for the
specimen marketing materials, if any, provided by Bank, AAAI will be responsible for all expenses with
regard to any Group Marketing Effort. AAAI will seek Bank?s approval at least sixty (60) days prior to its
desired date to engage in any GIP.

(b) All GIP marketing materials must be coded by AAAI as instructed by Bank for tracking purposes.
Credit Card Accounts generated from any GIP will entitle AAAI to the Royalty for GIP specified in

14

Execution Copy - Arkansas Alumni Assoc Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal)
