by Applicable Law administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury?s Office of Foreign Assets
Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty?s Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, ?Sanctions?), nor is GW or its Representatives or Subcontractors located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. GW represents and warrants that
neither it nor its Representatives and Subcontractors has, or during the Term will, violate any Sanctions. GW
represents and warrants that neither it nor its Subcontractors (or their respective Representatives, or their
Agents) will use this Agreement or any of the benefits obtained hereunder to fund or engage in any activities
with any Person or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or activity, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. The provisions of this
Subsection 4(c) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

5. ROYALTIES

(a) During the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall pay Royalties as
described in Schedule A to GW with respect to accounts in good standing.

(b) No compensation or payments shall be paid to GW until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or
other IRS required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in
Schedule A, payment of Royalties then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of
each calendar quarter.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s),
when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has more than a de
minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank Affiliate providing a product
or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify
GW in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other financial terms in the Agreement to
address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after GW?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for
whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address
the Impact, Bank shall have the right to terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or
the Agreement in its entirety, without penalty or liability to GW, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than
the Agreement as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the
applicable survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms is meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this Agreement
with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case as if the
termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay Royalties
or any other compensation to GW with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any student Credit Card

Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and features
(including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the Program).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

(a) The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information, performance information, proprietary
information (including trade secrets), legally privileged information, marketing and performance metrics of the
-11-

EXECUTION Copy- GEORGE WASHIGNTON UNIVERSITY A&R AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2021-05-266
