Day of receipt. All reasonable overnight courier expenses incurred by JMG shall be paid by Bank. For any
inquiries or requests received by JMG that are intended for Bank (e.g. general questions, name/address
changes, deceased notifications), the person making the inquiry will be referred to contact the Bank.

(g) JMG hereby grants Bank and its Affiliates a: (i) limited, exclusive license to use the UGAA
Trademarks and/or University Trademarks with the Credit Card Program; (ii) limited, non-exclusive
license to use the UGAA Trademarks and/or University Trademarks on a Debit Card; and (iii) limited,
non-exclusive license to use the UGAA Trademarks with any other Financial Service Product other than
the Credit Card Program or a Debit Card. Each of (i), (ii), and (iii) above are subject to JMG?s rights of
approval set forth in Section 2(d). This license transfers to the assignee of this Agreement. This license
shall remain in effect for the Term and as provided in Subsection 11(d). This license shall apply to the
UGAA Trademarks and University Trademarks (in accordance with the terms of this Agreement),
notwithstanding the transfer of such UGAA Trademarks or University Trademarks by operation of law or
otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization, or individual. JMG shall provide Bank
all UGAA Trademark and all University Trademark production materials (e.g., camera ready art) required
by Bank for the Program as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after the Parties? execution of this
Agreement. Except to the extent of Bank?s exclusive rights with respect to the cobranded Credit Card
Program or products, nothing stated in this Subsection prohibits JMG from granting to other Persons,
including any third-party financial institution: (w) advertising rights; (x) sponsorship and/or sponsorship
recognition; (y) naming rights of events, facilities, or buildings (or any portion thereof); and/or (z) a
license to use the UGAA Trademarks and/or the University Trademarks. As of the Effective Date and
throughout the Term, JMG represents, warrants and covenants to Bank it has the right to grant such
license to the Bank for use as contemplated hereby. The foregoing sentence shall survive the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(h) All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that consist of or contain
any UGAA Trademark or University Trademark, with or without other elements, shall belong exclusively
to Bank. JMG may not (and shall cause its Subcontractors and Representatives not to) use any Program
Trademark, except to promote the Program or any goods or services offered by Bank through the
Program and only to the extent consistent with this Agreement. JMG shall not (and shall cause its
Subcontractors and Representatives not to) register or attempt to register any Program Trademark. The
provisions of this Subsection 2(h) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(i) Within one (1) Business Day of receipt, JMG shall refer (and shall cause its Subcontractors and
Representatives to refer) each Consumer Complaint received to Bank, along with all relevant
documentation and information reasonably related thereto to the extent within the possession or
control of JMG(or its Subcontractors and Representatives). To the extent reasonably requested, JMG
shall (and shall cause its Subcontractors and Representatives to) cooperate with and assist Bank in the
resolution and remediation of each Consumer Complaint. The provisions of this Subsection 2(i) shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

(j)(1) From time to time, Bank shall provide procedures, training and guidelines regarding Applicable
Law as applied to Bank concerning certain Activities conducted in furtherance of or related to the
Program (?Training?). Initially and on an annual basis JMG shall and shall cause its Subcontractors and
Representatives to successfully complete such Training. Upon Bank?s request, JMG shall cease to
perform, and shall cause any Subcontractors (and their respective Representatives) to cease performing,
Activities if Training, as initially or periodically required thereafter, is not completed by JMG, such
Subcontractor (and its Representatives), as the case may be, to the Bank?s satisfaction.

(2) Upon periodic request from Bank, JMG agrees to affirm (and to cause its Subcontractors and
their respective Representatives to affirm) continued compliance with the obligations, responsibilities,
