lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting
any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties
acknowledge and agree that Alumni Association and JMIS may, for the twelve (12) months prior to the
expiration of the Term, solicit proposals for programs offering and/or discuss the providing of any
Financial Service Products after the expiration of the Term with any entity, including but not limited to
Bank. In addition, if Alumni Association or any Alumni Association Affiliate sells any product or service,
in connection with such sales, Alumni Association shall not, and shall cause Alumni Association Affiliates
not to, favor any payment product or method of payment over any payment product or method of
payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that Bank may
offer a debit card program, Deposit Program, or functional equivalent of any such product, with Alumni
Association Trademarks or University Trademarks on a non-exclusive basis and otherwise subject to and
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The Parties agree that the exclusivity
conditions in favor of the Bank and any related representations or warranties made by Alumni
Association or JMIS, including but not limited to the terms and conditions set forth in Sections 2(a}, 2(g),
and 4(b) of the Agreement, shall not apply to, nor limit or restrict in any way, Alumni Association?s right
to license Alumni Association Trademarks or JMIS?s right to license University Trademarks or otherwise
support other debit card programs, Deposit Programs, Tiger 1 Card programs or the functional
equivalent of any such product. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary,
Alumni Association may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi transmitted) advertising from any
financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain an express or implied
endorsement by Alumni Association of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial Service
Product.

(b) Alumni Association and JMIS agree to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may
be reasonably requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) Alumni Association authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet,
email, advertisements, banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the
Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank shail not target market University students for
participation in the Program during the Term. However, nothing contained herein shall prohibit or
prevent Bank from fulfilling a University student?s request for a Financial Service Product offered under
the Program. In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2(c) to the contrary, Bank
shall not be deemed in breach of this Section 2(c) for soliciting any individual contained in any Marketing
List provided by Alumni Association for participation in the Program.

(d) Alumni Association and JMIS, respectively, shall have the right of prior approval of all Program
advertising, solicitation materials and the depiction of an Alumni Association Trademark or University
Trademark, respectively, in Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that depict
an Alumni Association Trademark or University Trademark. If the Bank incurs a cost (e.g., the cost of
reissuing new credit cards) because of a change in the Alumni Association Trademarks or University
Trademarks and is unable to use up inventory of collateral and similar materials, Bank may deduct such
costs from any Royalties due Alumni Association. If such costs exceed Royalties then due Alumni
Association, upon demand Alumni Association shall promptly reimburse Bank for all such costs.

(e) At least once quarterly and within 30 days of Bank?s request, Alumni Association shall provide
Bank with its entire and complete updated Alumni Association Marketing List without any additional
charge; provided, however, that Alumni Association shall not include in any Marketing List the name
and/or related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that Alumni Association
not provide his/her personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time
the information was collected. In the event that Bank incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by

2

