obligated to pay any additional Advances to MAA hereunder, and (y) MAA hereby promises to pay Bank upon
demand an amount equal to the difference between the total amount of the Advance(s) paid by Bank and the
total amount of accrued Eligible Royalties credited by Bank against such Advance(s) as of the date of such
demand, in the event any of the conditions set forth in Clauses (i) through (iv) below should occur:

(i) the Agreement is terminated prior to the end of the initial term as stated in this Agreement as of the Effective
Date;

(ii) MAA breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least six (6) direct mail campaigns to the full
updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement;

(iv) Bank is prohibited or otherwise prevented from conducting at least two (2) email campaigns to the full
updated Marketing List during each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the term of the Agreement.

2. If during any given year(s) during the initial term of this Agreement Bank recoups all prior Advances paid by it
to MAA in prior years, and pays MAA Eligible Royalties accrued by MAA over and above the Eligible Royalties
used by Bank to recoup such prior Advances (the ?Paid Out Royalties?), then Bank may reduce the amount of
any subsequent Advance(s) due by the amount of any such Paid Out Royalties.

F. ROYALTY GUARANTEE

MAA shall be guaranteed to accrue Eligible Royalties (including without limitation the amount of the Advances)
equal to or greater than two million two hundred seventy-five thousand dollars ($2,275,000) (the ?Guarantee
Amount?) by the end of the full initial term of the Agreement, subject to the provisions set forth below. If on
the last day of the full initial term of this Agreement MAA has not accrued two million two hundred seventy-five
thousand dollars ($2,275,000) in Eligible Royalties, Bank will pay MAA an amount equal to the Guarantee
Amount minus the sum of all compensation accrued by MAA during the initial term of this Agreement and all
unrecouped Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Royalty Guarantee and any obligation of Bank
hereunder shall be expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of any of the conditions set forth in
Subsection E.1., above.

G. QUALIFYING GIP ACCOUNT BONUS
1. For each Contract Year during the term of this Agreement, MAA will receive an account bonus

(?Qualifying GIP Account Bonus?) equal to ten thousand dollars ($10,000) if at least one hundred (100)
GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts opened in a Contract Year
become Qualifying GIP Accounts in that same Contract Year.

2. For the purpose of counting the aggregate number of Qualifying GIP Accounts for a Contract Year, Bank
shall include:

i. GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that are opened ina
Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the same Contract Year, and

ii. GIP Accounts, Reward GIP Accounts and/or Premium Reward GIP Accounts that are opened ina
Contract Year that become Qualifying GIP Accounts in the next Contract Year.

19

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI ALUMNI ASSOC SECOND AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (EXECUTION CoPy).DOcx
