)

(g)

(h)

All notices relating to this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after
mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices will
be addressed as follows:

() If to Association:

The Association of Former Students of Texas A&M University
505 George Bush Drive
College Station, TX 77840

ATTENTION: Porter S. Gamer III,
President and CEO

Fax #: (979) 862-2018
(2) If to Bank:

FIA Card Services, N. A.

MS DE5-003-01-07

1100 North King Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19884

ATTENTION: Contract Administration
Fax #: (302) 432-3702

(3) Any party may change the address and fax number to which communications are
to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein, of such change of address.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the
matters covered herein, including, without limitation, the Original Agreement. This Agreement
does not and is not intended to alter or amend any aspect or provision of any other agreement
between the parties that survives termination of that agreement. Without the prior written
consent of Bank, which will not be unreasonably withheld, Association may not assign any of its
rights or obligations under or arising from this Agreement. Bank may assign any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement to any other person without the prior consent of Association.
Bank may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.
Certain Financial Service Products or services under this Agreement may be offered through
Bank?s affiliates.

Bank and Association are not agents, representatives or employees of each other and neither
party will have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner except as otherwise
expressly provided by this Agreement.

Page 13 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
