(c) Bank shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials for the Program except for materials
used in any Group Marketing Effort.

(d) Bank shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's
account(s) independently of ACS.

(e) Bank shall use the Marketing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent
with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Marketing Lists to use them for any
other purpose. Bank shall have the sole right to designate Members on these Marketing Lists to whom
promotional material shall or shall not be sent. These Marketing Lists are and shall remain the sole
property of ACS. However, Bank may maintain separately and shail own all information that it obtains
as a result of an account relationship or an application for an account relationship. This information
becomes a part of Bank's files and shall not be subject to this Agreement; provided however that Bank
shall not use this separate information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by ACS.

(f} Subject to Applicable Law, Bank has the right to place ACS Trademarks on gifts for individuals
completing applications and on other premium items, including t-shirts, hats, ?bobbleheads,? or other
items suitable in Bank?s judgment for the solicitation of Credit Card Account applications. ACS will have
approval rights of the use and appearance of the ACS Trademarks used on such materials pursuant to
Subsection 2(d}, but grants Bank the right to use approved materials at Bank?s discretion. Bank will not
be required to pay any third-party (e.g., any producer, licensor(ee), or manufacturer of such gifts and
premiums) royalties or other compensation otherwise due directly or indirectly to or on behalf of ACS or
an ACS Affiliate for such gifts or premiums. ACS waives such payments from any third-party(ies) (and/or
agrees to cause the recipient(s) of such payments to waive such payments), and will take (and/or will
cause the recipient(s) of such payments to take) all actions to give effect to this waiver. If a third-party
should refuse to reduce the price to Bank for such gifts or premiums (or otherwise prevent the
realization of this benefit by Bank) then Bank may deduct such amount(s) from Royalties.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

(a) ACS and Bank each represents and warrants to the other Party that as of the Effective Date:
(i} It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing;
(ii) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to

perform its obligations under this Agreement;

(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party,
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity;

{iv) No consent, release, approval, or authorization from any third-party is required in

connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, except
such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and,

-10-

American Chemical Society Second AR Affinity Agreement (BANA Legal) 2018-08-14 Clean Act lang Update 3yr_vi.docxOraft?American-Chemical Society
fini BAN 2918-08-13
