THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
Affinity Agreement
Brown Alumni Association

This Agreement (?Agreement?) is entered into as of this 1% day of January, 2018 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and between Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to merger with FIA Card Services, Inc.), a national banking
association having an office in Wilmington, Delaware (?Bank?), and Brown Alumni Association, a corporation
having its principal place of business in Providence, Rhode Island (?BAA?, and collectively with Bank, ?Party? or
?Parties? ), for themselves and their respective successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, BAA and Bank are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement
dated January 1, 2013, as the same may have been amended (?Previous Agreement?), wherein Bank provides
certain financial services to certain persons included in certain lists provided to Bank by or on behalf of BAA; and

WHEREAS, BAA and Bank mutually desire to amend and restate the Previous Agreement in its entirety as
of the Effective Date in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, BAA and
Bank agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For the purposes of this Agreement and except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth in Exhibit 1, whether used in the plural or singular, in any tense or
part of speech, and regardless of gender, and the Rules of Interpretation therein shall apply to this
Agreement. Other terms defined herein have the meanings set forth in the context of their use.

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF BAA

(a) BAA agrees that during the Term it will endorse the Program exclusively and that neither BAA
nor any BAA Affiliate shall, by itself or in conjunction with others, including the University, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, market, solicit proposals for programs offering, or discuss
with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products of any entity
other than Bank; (ii) license, allow others to license, or use or allow to exist the use by others of the BAA
Trademarks or University Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Bank; and (iii) sell, rent or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or
otherwise make available any of its marketing lists, mailing lists, or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other
than Bank. In addition, if BAA or any BAA Affiliate sells any product or service, in connection with such
sales, BAA shall not, and shall cause BAA Affiliates not to, favor any payment product or method of
payment over any payment product or method of payment offered under the Program. Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, BAA may accept print or on-line (including Wi-Fi
transmitted) advertising from any financial institution provided that the advertisement does not contain
an express or implied endorsement by BAA of said financial institution or advertising for a Financial
Service Product.

(b) BAA agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

1

Drart - BROWN UNIVERSITY ALUMNI Assoc THIRD AR AFFINITY AGREEMENT (BANA LEGAL) 2017-09-12 (003)
