(f)

(g)

12.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

Association will advertise all the products offered under the Program contained in Schedule A on
Association?s website, www.AggieNetwork.com, as detailed in Schedule D. Bank may establish
a hyperlink from each such advertisement to another internet site (an application site), or may
provide a telephone number in each such advertisement, to enable a person to apply for each
advertised Financial Service Product. Any Credit Card Accounts generated pursuant to such a
hyperlink or telephone number will entitle Association to the GIP compensation set forth in
Schedule A, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Association will
modify or remove such advertisements as soon as possible upon Bank?s request. To enable Bank
to view all Program material, Association will provide Bank with the ability to view any and all
pages within the Association internet site(s), including without limitation any ?members only? or
other restricted access pages that display Program material. Both parties agree that Association at
its sole discretion may at any time make changes to the design, content, features, and/or
navigation of websites it owns or controls, and that Association may modify or change the
specific location(s) of Bank marketing materials in the course of making such changes to
Association?s website. Association will notify Bank in advance of implementing any changes to
Association?s website(s) which impact placement of Bank?s marketing materials. Association
will seek approval of modifications to or changes in placement of Bank?s marketing materials on
its website, which will not unreasonably be withheld.

During the term of this Agreement, Association agrees to conduct on its own, at its expense and
on an ongoing basis the following Association Marketing Efforts for Deposits offered under the
Program as outlined in Schedule D: (i) online marketing efforts, which would include hyperlinks
to a Bank Deposits application and/or Bank inbound application telephone number(s), which
shall include, but not be limited to, e-newsletters and digital magazines; and (ii) offline
marketing efforts, which would include either Deposit applications and/or Bank inbound
application telephone number(s), which shall include, but not be limited to, publication ads,
magazine inserts, and flyers.

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents
of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 2(h), 4(b), 7, 10(c), 10(d), 10(f) and 11(e) will survive the expiration
or any earlier termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement is, for any reason, found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will
not affect the remainder of this Agreement which will survive and be construed as if such invalid
or unenforceable part had not been contained herein and the parties hereto shall immediately
commence negotiations in good faith to reform this Agreement to make alternative provisions
herein that reflect the intentions and purposes of the severed provisions in a manner that does not
run afoul of the basis for such unenforceability or invalidity.

Page 12 of 27
CONFIDENTIAL
