Rules of interpretation. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the following rules shall

apply:

the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

?or? is disjunctive, but not necessarily exclusive, except where clearly indicated by the
context;

?and? is conjunctive only;

?include? and ?including? are not limiting;

?any? means ?any or all?;

a reference to any agreement or other contract includes any permitted modifications,
supplements, amendments and replacements;

a reference in this Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit is to the Section of or
Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided (for example,
where a particular Section, Schedule or Exhibit is the intended reference);

a reference to a Section or paragraph in this Agreement shall, unless the context clearly
indicates to the contrary, refer to all sub-parts or sub-components of any said Section or
paragraph;

?hereunder,? ?hereto,? ?hereof,? and ?herein,? and other words of like import shall,
unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, refer to the whole of this Agreement
and not to any particular clause hereof;

?days? means calendar days unless otherwise noted through the use of the phrase
?Business Days?;

to the extent this Agreement requires the mutual agreement, approval or consent of
any matter by either or both Parties hereto, unless the text clearly indicates to the
contrary, such agreement, approval or consent shall be granted or denied in such Party?s
reasonable business judgment;

to the extent this Agreement requires the agreement, approval or consent of one Party
or the other, unless the text clearly indicates to the contrary, such agreement, approval
or consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;

text enclosed in parentheses has the same effect as text that is not enclosed in
parentheses;

any reference made in this Agreement to a statute or statutory provision shall mean
such statute or statutory provision as it has been amended through the date as of which
the particular portion of this Agreement is to take effect, or to any successor statute or
statutory provision relating to the same subject as the statutory provision so referred to
in this Agreement, and to any then applicable rules or regulations promulgated
thereunder, unless otherwise provided;

unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided herein, all
references in this Agreement to a particular agreement, instrument or document also
shall refer to all schedules or exhibits, renewals, extensions, modifications, amendments
and restatements of such agreement, instrument or document;

references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means
such amount at the close of business on such day; and,

any payment that otherwise would be due on a day that is not a Business Day shall be
deemed to be due on the first Business Day thereafter.

29

|
|
j
|
|
}
j

