another financial institution, which ESAU shall be free to endorse and advertise any such
underwriting, funding, or sponsorship of any such scholarship.

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the one hundred eighty (180) days preceding the
end of the Term of this Agreement, as set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement or as subsequently
modified by written agreement of the parties, ESAUT may solicit proposals for programs offering,
or discuss with any organization (other than Bank) the providing of, any Financial Service Products
of any entity other than Bank; provided, however, ESAUT agrees that no agreement(s) between
ESAUT or any ESAUT Affiliate and any entity other than Bank for the providing of any Financial
Service Product shall have an effective date that is prior to the end of the Term.

(b) ESAUT agrees to provide Bank with such information and assistance as may be reasonably
requested by Bank in connection with the Program.

(c) ESAUT authorizes Bank to solicit Members by mail, direct promotion, internet, advertisements,
banking centers, ATMs, telephone or any other means for participation in the Program. In addition, Bank
may solicit Members for participation in the Program by e-mail, provided that Bank obtains the Member?s
email address from a source other than ESAUT. ESAUT shall be responsible to ensure that its Marketing
Lists do not contain students of University. Bank shall not be liable for marketing University students for
participation in the Program using Member information obtained from ESAUT?s Marketing Lists.

(d) ESAUT shall have the right of prior approval of the depiction of an ESAUT Trademark in any
Program advertising and solicitation materials to be used by Bank that depict an ESAUT Trademark. In the
event that Bank incurs a cost because of a change in the ESAUT Trademarks (e.g., the cost of reissuing
new credit cards), Bank may deduct such costs from any Royalties due ESAUT. In the event such costs
exceed Royalties then due ESAUT, if requested by Bank, ESAUT will promptly reimburse Bank for all such
costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ESAUT shall not be responsible for Bank's costs resulting from a
change in any ESAUT Trademark if ESAUT: (i) permits Bank to exhaust its existing inventories of
applications, marketing material, credit cards, debit cards, checks and other Program material bearing the
old ESAUT Trademark; and (ii) does not request or require Bank to issue replacement credit cards and/or
debit cards and/or checks that bear the new or amended ESAUT Trademark.

(e) At least once quarterly and within thirty (30) days of execution of this Agreement, ESAUT shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to provide Bank with its entire and complete updated Marketing List free
of any charge; provided, however, that ESAUT shall not include in any Marketing List the name and/or
related information regarding any Member who has expressly requested that ESAUT not provide his/her
personal information to third parties or who is under the age of eighteen at the time the information was
collected. If ESAUT or its agents charge Bank to provide an initial Marketing List or an update to the
Marketing List, Bank may deduct such charges from any payments (including Royalties) then due ESAUT.
ESAUT shall provide the first Marketing List, containing the required information for at least eighty-two
thousand (82,000) non-duplicate Member names, as soon as possible but no later than 30 days after
ESAUT?s execution of this Agreement. With each delivery to Bank, ESAUT represents and warrants that
the Marketing List has been prepared in accordance with Applicable Law, including the ECOA and the
GLBA.

(f) ESAUT shall, and shall cause any ESAUT Affiliates to, only provide information to or otherwise
communicate (including chat and social media) with Members or potential Members about the Program
with Bank's prior written approval, except for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by
Bank to ESAUT or as required by law. Notwithstanding the above, ESAUT may respond to individual
inquiries about the Program from its Members on an individual basis, provided that the responses, after

2
