~ 40/30/2808 16:37 ees ~ BANK OF AMERICA SM rie warse

?Deposits Offers? means any and all Deposits benefits and features and any and all other
products and services that relate to ot have a connection with Deposits (e.g, Online
- Banking and $0 Trade).?

9. Section 6 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new subsection (c) as follows:

?(c) fat any time during the term of the Agreement any change in any. card network's
?interchange rate(s) or similar rate(s), when measured separately or together with al) other
rate changes since the Effective Date, has more than a de minimis adverse impact on
Bank?s business, as determined by Bank in its discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may
notify FIUF in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties and any other
financial termis in the Agreement to addrass the Impact. If, within thirty (30) business
days after FIUF?s receipt of Bank's notice, the parties have not, for whatever reason, fully
executed an addendum that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address
the Impact, Baok shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without penalty or
liability to FIUF, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice.?

10. The definitions of ?Reward Credit Card Account?, ?Reward Enhancement?, and ?Reward
GIP Account? added to Section 1 of the Agreement pursuant to Section 6 of the Amendmentto.. *.
the Affinity Agreement dated as of S?ptomber 1, 2003 ate hereby deleted entirely from the

, Agreement: ' . .

11. Section 7 of the Agreement is hereby deleted from the Agreement and replaced by the

? following-new.Section 7:-

?Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including, without
limitation, changes to its terms and features. In addition, Customers may, as & benefit under the
Program, be offered opportunities to select credit protection and other products and services.?

12. Section .11(c) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with a new

Section 11(?) as follows: :

?(c) In the event that Applicable Law has or will have a material adverse effect on
Bank's business (as determined in Bank?s sole discretion) (?Event?), Bank may notify
FIUF in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the tenms of the Agresment to address the
Event. If, within thirty (30) business days after FIUF?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the
parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum that is satisfactory to
both parties, Bank shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without penalty or
liability to FIUF, upon ninety (90) days advance written notice.? ae

13. Schedule A of the Agreement, as amended by Section 16 of the Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of September 1, 2003, is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new
Schedule A, attached hereto and made a part hereof, which includes a brief summary of certain of
Bank?s current (as of the Effective Date of this Addendum) student lending, practices and credit
education initiatives for students. FIUF acknowledges and agrees that those practices described

Pugs: 3 of 12

CONFIDENTIAL
Florida tnjernational University Foundation Inc Term Extension Addendum Dreft 10-30-08 (2)
