5. ROYALTIES AND GIP COMPENSATION

(a) In consideration for UICA?s licensing or sublicensing of Licensed Trademarks and Member List to
Bank in accordance with this Agreement, during the Term and subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, Bank shall pay Royalties as described in Schedule A-1 to UICA with respect to accounts
in good standing.

(b) No payments shall be paid to UICA until a Schedule B (W-9 Form and ACH Form) or other IRS
required form (e.g., W-8) is fully completed and returned to Bank. Except as otherwise provided in
Schedule A-1 and A-2, respectively, payment of Royalties (under this Section 5) and GIP Compensation
(under Section 11) then due shall be made, in arrears, approximately 45 days after the end of each
calendar quarter. A Royalty and GIP Compensation report, certified by an officer of Bank as to accuracy,
shalt show the number of Credit Card Accounts opened, the number of Credit Card Accounts renewed
and the Net Retail Spend, made during the preceding calendar quarter. Approximately forty-five (45)
days (but not more than 60 days) after the end of the calendar quarter next following the effective date
of termination of this Agreement, Bank shall provide UICA a final Royalty and GIP Compensation report,
reflecting any remaining Royalty or GIP Compensation as may be due up to and including the effective
date of termination of this Agreement. All Royalties and/or GIP Compensation payments due under this
Agreement are subject to adjustment by Bank for any overpayment of Royalties and/or GIP
Compensation by Bank under this Agreement.

(c) If at any time during the Term any change in any card network?s interchange rate(s) or similar
rate(s), when measured separately or together with all other rate changes since the Effective Date, has
more than a de minimis adverse impact on Bank?s businesses (including the businesses of any Bank
Affiliate providing a product or service under this Agreement), as determined by Bank in its sole
discretion (?Impact?), then Bank may notify UICA in writing of Bank?s desire to renegotiate the Royalties
and any other financial terms in the Agreement to address the Impact. If, within 30 business days after
UICA?s receipt of Bank?s notice, the Parties have not, for whatever reason, fully executed an addendum
that modifies the Royalties and other financial terms to address the Impact, Bank shall have the right to
terminate either the Deposits Program or the Credit Card Program, or the Agreement in its entirety,
without penalty or liability to UICA, upon 90 days advance written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in
the event either the Deposit Program or Credit Card Program is terminated earlier than the Agreement
as provided for in this Subsection 5(c), such terminated program remains subject to the applicable
survival provisions, if any and any other Section that by its terms are meant to survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement and the rights and obligations in any other provision of this
Agreement with respect to the products offered under such program shall be null and void, in each case
as if the termination of such program was a termination or expiration of the Agreement for just that
program.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank will not be required to pay
Royalties or any other compensation to UICA with regard to, as a result of opening, or based upon any
student Credit Card Accounts.

6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

Bank has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program, including changes to its terms and
features (including the terms and features of the Financial Service Products offered pursuant to the
Program).

-15-
FINAL- STATE UNIVERSITY OF [OWA ALUM ASSOC THIRD AR AFFINITY AGRMT (EXE.._.D0CX
