USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

8.2. Use and Ownership of NAVY ENTITIES Marks. NAVY ENTITIES retains the exclusive ownership
right to any distinctive trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, product identifications, artwork, imagery,
pictures and other symbols and devices associated with NAVY ENTITIES? products or services (collectively
referred to herein as ?NAVY ENTITIES Marks,? collectively with USAA Marks, the ?Marks?) that have been or
may hereafter be created or developed by NAVY ENTITIES. USAA and its Affiliates shall have limited
authority to use NAVY ENTITIES Marks in support of the cobranded affinity marketing program established by
this Agreement and Associated Addenda on a non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license basis
during the term of this Agreement. USAA shall not use the NAVY ENTITIES Marks in any manner inconsistent
with the terms of this Agreement. All uses by USAA of the NAVY ENTITIES Marks shall inure solely to the
benefit of NAVY ENTITIES. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, USAA and its Affiliates
shall immediately discontinue the use of such NAVY ENTITIES Marks and promptly destroy or return to
NAVY ENTITIES any tangible materials bearing such NAVY ENTITIES Marks.

8.3 Notification of Infringements and Claims. Each Party hereto shall immediately notify the other Party of
any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, the Party?s use of any of the other?s Marks or claim by any Person
of any rights in any of the other Party?s Marks. In such event, the Party providing such notice shall not
communicate with any Person other than the other Party and its counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim, unless otherwise authorized by the other Party. As between the Parties, the
owner of the Marks shall have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate in connection with the
foregoing, and the right to control exclusively any settlement, litigation, arbitration or U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office or other proceeding arising out of any such alleged infringement, challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to the owner?s Marks. The Party using the other Party?s Marks agrees to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
owner?s counsel, be reasonably necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the owner?s interests in any
litigation, proceeding or otherwise relating to any of the owner?s Marks. Any costs associated with such
assistance will be reimbursed by the owner of the Marks to the other Party providing assistance.

8.4 Approval of Proposed Use of Marks. Neither NAVY ENTITIES nor USAA shall use marketing
materials, proposals or any other presentations that contain references to NAVY ENTITIES or USAA or their
respective Affiliates in general, or in relation to the products and services provided under the scope of this
Agreement and associated Addenda, unless the material has been previously reviewed and approved in writing
by both parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, disapprove
any communication that it believes to be inconsistent with its image. Each Party agrees to promptly update any
Mark of the other Party maintained by such Party regardless of the media in which such Mark is used. If any
such use of material presented by USAA to NAVY ENTITIES is not approved or disapproved within ten (10)
business days it shall be deemed approved by NAVY ENTITIES. If any such use of material presented by
NAVY ENTITIES to USAA is not approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it shall be deemed
approved by USAA.

ARTICLE 9: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

9.1 NAVY ENTITIES Representations and Warranties.

9.1.1 NAVY ENTITIES are in good standing and organized pursuant to the laws of the State of
formation of each.

9.1.2 NAVY ENTITIES have the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
perform its obligations hereunder.

9.1.3. NAVY ENTITIES are not currently under any order either from a court or a state regulatory
body prohibiting each one from performing its Services in any state.

9.1.4 NAVY ENTITIES are solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of
the obligations hereunder shall not cause either to become insolvent.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5 of 17
