USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: C@COCCO.FES

9.1.7. WPAOG will perform its obligations with reasonable skill, care, and diligence.

9.1.8 WPAOG will perform its obligations in compliance with all applicable statutes and
regulations.

9.1.9 WPAOG will not share, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or
distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from, any software or hardware contained in the
website or the services of USAA or its Affiliates.

9.2 USAA Representations and Warranties.

9.2.1 USAA is a reciprocal interinsurance exchange in good standing, organized pursuant to the
laws of the State of Texas.

9.2.2 USAA has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder.

9.2.3 USAA is not currently under any order either from a court or a state regulatory body
prohibiting it from operating its Services in any state.

9.2.4. USAA is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of its
obligations hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.2.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against USAA which would materially affect
performance under this Agreement. USAA will notify WPAOG of any which develop during the
term of this Agreement

9.2.6 USAA has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the USAA Marks
as contemplated herein

9.2.7 USAA will perform its services with reasonable skill, care and diligence.

9.2.8 In providing such services, USAA will comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and
industry codes of conduct and practice as mandated by any Regulatory Authority.

9.2.9 USAA will not share, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or
distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from, any software or hardware contained in the
website or the services of USAA or its Affiliates.

ARTICLE 10: DEFENSE, INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

10.1 Notice. In the event a claim by a third party is made against USAA or WPAOG or their respective
Affiliates, officers, directors, members and employees (each an ?Indemnified Party?) directly relating to or
arising out of:

10.1.1 acts or omissions by or on behalf or the other Party (the ?Indemnifying Party?)
pursuant to this Agreement,

10.1.2 breach of a representation or warranty contained in this Agreement; or

10.1.3 any other breach of this Agreement,

then the Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice in writing to the Indemnifying Party.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 6 of 14

