USB ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004380

(G) Other Marketing Channels or Opportunities. USB will have access to additional
channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program as may be approved by
VMI. VMI will use reasonable efforts to approve use of additional channels or
opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program, taking into account available
marketing resources and commitments to other benefit programs.

3.1.4 Card Application. USB will provide the ability to apply for Cards at usaa.com or via
the telephone. USB shalf have the exclusive right to determine whether to approve or decline an
Application and shall be solely responsible for determining any and all requirements and criteria
for approving an Application. If an Application is approved, USB shall issue a Card(s) under the
Program. If an Application is declined, USB (i) shall notify the individual as required by
applicable laws and regulations, and (ii) may offer the Applicant another card or product not
covered by the Program, such as a secured card or a starter card. WMI acknowledges and agrees
that the Card offered to individuals that are not eligible for property and casualty insurance
underwritten by an Affiliate of USB (i.e. not eligible for USAA property and casualty group
membership) may have different rates, benefits or features than the Card issued to individuals
who are eligible for property and casualty insurance underwritten by an Affiliate of USB.

3.1.5 Program Management, USB shall provide reasonable Program management. USB
shall designate a Relationship Manager that VMI may contact for planning, communicating, or
asking questions regarding the Program,

3.1.6 Program Documents, USB shall write, design, print and deliver all Cardholder
Agreements, statements, notices, or other required Program documents in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations. USB will include VMI Marks on the Cardhofder statements
and, to the extent reasonably practicable and not inconsistent with USB?s or its Affiliates?
brand, policies or practices, take into account and incorporate VMI?s advice and
recommendations in developing such statements,

3.2 No Third Party Beneficiary. The contractual relationship of all Cardholder Agreements shall be
between USB and the Cardholders, VMI shall not be a party to the Cardholder Agreements, and is not
intended (nor shall it under any circumstances be considered) a third-party beneficiary of such
Cardholder Agreements, USB shal! determine all terms and conditions of the Cardholder Agreements
and shall have the right to change those terms and conditions at any time in accordance with the
Cardholder Agreements and applicable Jaws and regulations,

3.3. Account Management, USB shall provide all services related to the Accounts and shall have the
exclusive right to make any and all Account-related decisions, including but not limited to (a) assigning
or determining credit limits, cash advance limits or other limits related to each Account; (b) issuing or re~
issuing Cards; (c) authorizing or declining transactions; (d) settling transactions and billing Cardholders;
(e) receiving and processing payments from Cardholders; (f) providing customer service on the
Accounts; (g) collecting on accounts; (h) handling Cardholder disputes related to the Accounts or
transaction made on the Accounts; (i) terminating, blocking or suspending charge privileges on an
Account; (j) closing an Account; (k) handling fraud claims; (I) record retention; and (m) any other
Account-related functions. USB may subcontract any such services to a third party, USB shall
underwrite, establish, maintain and service the Accounts in accordance with USB?s credit criteria,
policies and procedures and Cardholder Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time at
USB?s sole discretion, but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, and in a
manner which is not materially different from or materially less favorable than the manner in which USB
dea!s with all similar card applications and accounts.

3.4 Account Ownership. USB is the Card issuer and creditor on all Accounts. As such, USB shall
be solely liable for charge-offs caused by credit or fraud losses. In addition, all Account Assets are the
exclusive property of USB. USB may sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise convey the Accounts or the
Account Receivables and the proceeds thereof to one or more trusts or other entities for purpose of
securitization or other sale of assets. In the event of a securitization, USB may issue or cause the issuance

USB CONFIDENTIAL Page 5 of 8
