DocuSign Envelope ID: 6D11D85E-1B43-42C0-8BDD-42CB1AE73B56

4.1 Approval of Marketing Channel and Content. The channel and content of such marketing shall be
mutually agreed to by the Parties, provided, however, that USAA shall have the final approval of any language that
needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to be include or removed to comply
with statutory and regulatory requirements.

42 Marketing Expense. Creative for marketing of Covered Products and direct mail for Covered Products will
be at USAA?s expense.

43 Applications and Underwriting. USAA will provide the capabilities necessary to establish product or service
relationships with individual Members. USAA shall have the exclusive right to determine whether to establish or not
establish a product or service with any individual and shall be solely responsible for determining any and all
requirements and criteria for establishing such product or service. CCA acknowledges that USAA products and
services are subject to certain eligibility restrictions and that some of CCA?s Members or may not be eligible for all
products and services of USAA, and that products or services offered to individuals within certain eligibility
classifications may have different rates, benefits, or features than products or services established with individuals
who meet eligibility criteria.

44 Account Management. USAA shall provide all services related to products or services established with
Product Holders under this program and shall have the exclusive right to make any and all account-related decisions,
including but not limited to (a) assigning or determining credit limits, cash advance limits or other limits related to
each product or service; (b) issuing or re-issuing products or services, (c) authorizing or declining transactions; (d)
settling transactions and billing Product Holders; (e) receiving and processing payments from Product Holders; (f)
providing customer service on products or services; (g) handling Product Holder disputes related to the products or
services or resulting transactions; (h) terminating, blocking or suspending charge privileges on a product or service;
(i) closing a product or service; (j) handling fraud claims; (k) record retention; and (1) any other functions related to
products or services. USAA may subcontract such services to a third party, provided that any such subcontracting
shall not relieve USAA of its duties or obligations under the Agreement or this Addendum. USAA shall underwrite,
establish, maintain, and service all products or services in accordance with USAA?s underwriting, credit, and
eligibility criteria, policies, and procedures and any relevant agreements with individual Product Holders, as the same
may be amended from time to time at USAA?s sole discretion, but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws
and regulations. CCA acknowledges and agrees that USAA shall have sole ownership and accountability for rights,
assets, benefits, duties, and obligations with individual Product Holders and that CCA shall not have any rights or
obligations whatsoever in relation to the product or service relationship between USAA and a Product Holder. CCA
shall refer all inquiries and incoming correspondence from Product Holders to USAA.

ARTICLE 5: TERM

5.1 Term. This Addendum shall commence on the Effective Date and expire upon the end of the Initial Term or
the Extended Term, unless terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

5.2 Termination Obligations. Upon the termination or expiration of this Addendum:

5.2.1 | CCA acknowledges and agrees that USAA shall continue to own the right, title and interest in and
to all account established by USAA for Members as a result of this Addendum; and

5.2.2 Inthe event USAA offers a co-branded account (e.g. credit or debit card), USAA shall:
(i) notify each accountholder that the USAA is no longer associated with CCA. Such notice will
be delivered in a format and manner consistent with industry practice in use at the time of the
notice; and

(ii) within one hundred-eighty (180) days of the termination of the Addendum,

(iii) USAA will discontinue use of CCA?s Marks or Content in any marketing materials related to
the Program; and

Confidential
