44 Account Management. USB shall provide all services related to products or services established with
Product Holders under this program and shall have the exclusive right to make any and all account-related decisions,
including but not limited to (a) assigning or determining credit limits, cash advance limits or other limits related to
each product or service; (b) issuing or re-issuing products or services, (c) authorizing or declining transactions; (d)
settling transactions and billing Product Holders; (e) receiving and processing payments from Product Holders: (p
providing customer service on products or services; (g) handling Product Holder disputes related to the products or
services or resulting transactions; (h) terminating, blocking or suspending charge privileges on a product or service:
(i) closing a product or service; (j) handling fraud claims; (k) record retention; and (1) any other functions related to
products or services. USB may subcontract such services to a third party, provided that any such subcontracting shall
not relieve USB of its duties or obligations under the Agreement or this Addendum, USB shall underwrite, establish,
maintain, and service all products or services in accordance with USB?s underwriting, credit, and eligibility criteria,
policies, and procedures and any relevant agreements with individual Product Holders, as the same may be amended
from time to time at USB?s sole discretion, but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
CLIENT acknowledges and agrees that USB shall have sole ownership and accountability for rights, assets, benefits,
duties, and obligations with individual Product Holders and that CLIENT shall not have any rights or obligations
whatsoever in relation to the product or service relationship between USB and a Product Holder. CLIENT shall refer
all inquiries and incoming correspondence from Product Holders to USB,

ARTICLE 5: TERM

5.1 Term. This Addendum shall commence on the Effective Date and expire upon the end of the Initial Term or
the Extended Term, unless terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

5,2 Termination Obligations, Upon the termination or expiration of this Addendum:

5.2.1 CLIENT acknowledges and agrees that USB shall continue to own the tight, title and interest in
and to all account established by USB for Members as a result of this Addendum; and

5.2.2 In the event USB offers a co-branded account (e.g. credit or debit card), USB shall:
(i) notify each accountholder that the USB is no longer associated with CLIENT. Such notice
will be delivered in a format and manner consistent with industry practice in use at the time of
the notice; and

(ii) within one hundred-eighty (180) days of the termination of the Addendum,

(iii) USB will discontinue use of CLIENT?s Marks or Content in any marketing materials related
to the Program; and

(iv) USB will cease to use CLIENT?s Marks or Content on any USB Authorized Materials; and
(v) Upon the expiration date of a co-branded product, USB will reissue a replacement product
that does not bear CLIENT?s Marks or Content if USB determines to continue the related
account at that time.
5.2.3. CLIENT shall immediately:
(i) cease to promote the Program; and

(ii) cease to use any Program Materials; and

(iii) Return or destroy any unused Program Materials in accordance with Section 7.5 of the
Agreement.

Confidential

aR: 00000072434

-0%

