3.3.1.2

USAA Co... ot Number: la QUAI

CCA will provide USAA screen advertising space at Rally to the Guidons Reunion event
held before the Rally to the Guidon March In. .

3.3.2 Senior Dining In

3.3.2.1

CCA will provide USAA cight (8) invitations to attend the Senior Dining In.

3.3.3 Freshmen Orientation Week (FOW) Registration

3.3.3.1

3.3.3.2

CCA will provide USAA space at CCA registration tables at the Freshmen Orientation
Week Registration.

Parent Welcome Kit. At USAA?s request, CCA shall include an insert or brochure within
its welcome kit for the purpose of marketing Covered Products. The content of such
insert or brochure will be created by USAA at no expense to CCA and will be mutually
agreed to by the Parties.

3.4 Magazine and Other Publications.

3.4.1 CCA shall provide USAA the following for each issue of the CCA Guidon magazine, CCA
Quadrangle (annual yearbook) and the annual Parent Handbook:

3.4.1.1

3.4,1.2
3.4.1.3
3.4.1.4
3.4.1.5

3.4.1.6

3.5 Online Magazine.

Two (2) full page color advertisements, one of which will be on the inside front or back
cover of the Guidon magazine and the other page near the center section of the magazine.

One (1) page full color in the Quadrangle yearbook in the sponsor section;

One (1) page full color in the Parent Handbook:

Reference to CCA?s official endorsement of USAA?s product being marketed; and
USAA will receive twelve (12) copies of each Guidon magazine.

USAA will submit advertisement to CCA at least thirty (30) days prior to the publish date
of each issue.

3.5.1 CCA shall post each copy of the Guidon magazine on its website which will include the USAA
advertisement as they appear in each printed magazine.

3.6 Home Page. CCA shall provide USAA the following:

3.6.1 Identification as CCA?s ?Exclusive Provider of Financial Services?, and

3.6.2 USAA logo will appear above the fold and USAA?s logo will be prominently displayed in
proximity to CCA logo and USAA advertisement will be an image box with potential to rotate
different advertisements; and

3.6.3 USAA?s logo on CCA home page or within drop down menus shall function as a hyperlink to
USAA.com or other USAA approved landing page for the Covered Products; and

3.6.4 USAA?s logo or textual reference shall be prominently displayed within the website?s drop-down
menus and applicable landing pages; and

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
