USAA? USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

access of AOG Marks up to four (4) times for direct mail, with up to ten (10) different message
versions per each direct mailing campaign, per year for the purpose of marketing Covered Products
of USAA and its Affiliates.

5.2.2 USAA may market Covered Products to AOG Members by direct mail from USAA.
The channel and content of such marketing shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties; provided
however, USAA shall have the final approval of any language that needs to be included or removed
based on its decision that such language is needed to be included or removed to comply with
statutory and regulatory requirements.

5.2.3 Some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include a signature from an officer of
AOG to signify their endorsement.

5.3. Targeted Emails. AOG will issue up to one (1) targeted email per month at USAA?s request. The
Parties will coordinate and reasonably agree on the content of such messages a minimum of five (5)
business days prior to such email being sent out.

5.4 Home Page. AOG shall provide USAA the following:
5.4.1. Reference to USAA as established in accordance with section 5.1.3 of this Addendum 02;
5.4.2 Space for USAA logo to appear above fold;

5.4.3 In any rotating banner the USAA advertisement will be first image with potential to rotate
in different advertisements, and shall be displayed no less frequently than every four (4) images
(with the potential to rotate in several USAA banners advertising different products);

5.4.4 USAA?s logo, on AOG home page or within drop down menus, shall function as a
hyperlink to USAA.com or other USAA approved landing page for the products specified under
Exhibit A;

5.4.5 USAA?s logo or textual reference shall be prominently displayed within the website?s
drop-down menus and applicable landing pages;

5.4.6 The opportunity to add links pertaining to USAA sponsored webinars, editorial content and
USAA upcoming events; and

5.4.7 If the AOG home page is significantly modified, AOG will ensure the requirements
contained herein continue to be provided to USAA and will provide USAA any additional website
opportunity, if available after the modification.

5.5 Events. USAA will receive invitations to and recognition as AOG?s ?Premier Sponsor? for events,
including but not limited to Reunions, Inprocessing, tailgates/sporting events, Founders Day, and other
dinners. Such recognition shall take into account the event and the event?s other sponsors and ensure
USAA receives appropriate recognition at such event, commensurate with USAA?s status as Premier
Sponsor.

5.6 ?Web Guy? Home Page. USAA shall be identified as AOG?s premier sponsor. The Parties shall
mutually agree on placement of USAA logo.

5.7 ZoomiEnews & 7258. USAA shall be identified as AOG?s premier sponsor on the top and bottom
of the newsletter.

5.8 Checkpoints Magazine. USAA shall be provided the following in each of the quarterly issues of
AOG?s Checkpoints magazine. USAA will submit advertisement to AOG at least thirty (30) days prior to
the publish date of each issue.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 4
