USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002368

ARTICLE 11; ASSIGNMENTS OR CHANGE IN CONTROL

Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum without the
prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however that nothing in this provision or this Agreement shall
prohibit either Party trom assigning its rights or obligations hereunder ta an Affiliate, but such assignment shall
not release the Party from its obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum, The Parties agree that a
merger, consolidation or acquisition of a controlling interest in a party shall be deemed an assignment of this
Agreement for purposes of this provision. The terms of this Agreement or any Addendum shal! be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the authorized successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.

ARTICLE 12: NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY

This Agreement is not intended to create any third party beneficiary rights in any Person, including any
Member.

ARTICLE 13: TAXES

Each Party shall be responsible for payment of its own federal, state and local taxes applicable to the
income generated ta such Party under this Agreement and for its own sales oy use tax liabilities.

ARTICLE 14; PUBLICITY

Neither Party shall use or imply the name, Marks or identity, of the other Party or its Affiliates, in any
publicity matter without the prior, written consent of the other Party. All contact with the media concerning this
Agreement must be approved in advance by the public relations department for both Parties and such approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

ARTICLE 15: GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed by the law of the State of Texas, without regard to
conflict of law principles. If any provision contained in this Agreement is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
then this Agreement will be construed as if such provision had never been contained herein.

ARTICLE 16; NOTICES

All notices requested under this Agreement shall be deemed given upon receipt when mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested or by established overnight carrier (?,g,, Federal Express, UPS) against a
signed receipt. Notice shall be sent to:

United Services Automobile Association
9800 Fredericksburg Rd., DO2E

San Antonio, Texas 78288

ATTN: Bob Wiedower, Executive Director
Affinity Development

With a copy to:

United Services Automobile Association
9800 Fredericksburg Rd, BSVCE

San Antonio, Texas 78288

ATTN: Aaron McCauley, Contract Advisor
USAA Procurement

Notices to NORWICH shall be sent to:

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Page 7 of 10

