USAA CONTRACT .NTROL NUMBER: 1029280

non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable license basis during the term of this Agreement; provided that,
USAA and its Affiliates shall not use the CCA Marks in any manner inconsistent with the terms of this
Agreement without the prior written consent of CCA. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement,
USAA and its Affiliates shall immediately discontinue the use of such CCA Marks and promptly destroy or
retum to CCA any tangible materials bearing such CCA Marks.

8.3 Notification of Infringements and Claims. Each Party hereto shall immediately notify the other Party of
any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, the Party?s use of any of the other?s Marks or claim by any Person
of any rights in any of the other Party?s Marks. In such event, the Party providing such notice shall not
communicate with any Person other than the other Party and its counsel in connection with any such
infringement, challenge or claim, unless otherwise authorized by the other Party. As between the Parties, the
owner of the Marks shall have sole discretion to take such action as it deems appropriate in connection with the
foregoing, and the right to control exclusively any settlement, litigation, arbitration or U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office or other proceeding arising out of any such alleged infringement, challenge or claim or
otherwise relating to the owner?s Marks. The Party using the other Party?s Marks agrees to execute any and all
instruments and documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of
owner?s counsel, be reasonably necessary or advisable to protect and maintain the owner?s interests in any
litigation, proceeding or otherwise relating to any of the owner?s Marks. Any costs associated with such
assistance will be reimbursed by the owner of the Marks to the other Party providing assistance.

8.4 Approval of Proposed Use of Marks. Neither CCA nor USAA shall use marketing materials, proposals
or any other presentations that contain references to CCA or USAA or their respective Affiliates in general, or in
relation to the products and services provided under the scope of this Agreement and associated Addenda, unless
the material has been previously reviewed and approved in writing by both parties. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, either Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, disapprove any communication that it believes to
be inconsistent with its image. Each Party agrees to promptly update any Mark of the other Party maintained by
such Party regardless of the media in which such Mark is used. If any such use of material presented by USAA
to CCA is not approved or disapproved within ten (10) business days it shall be deemed approved by CCA. If
any such use of material presented by CCA to USAA is not approved or disapproved within ten (10) business
days it shall be deemed disapproved by USAA.

ARTICLE 9: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

9.1 CCA Representations and Warranties.

9.1.1 CCA is a corporation in good standing organized pursuant to the laws of its State of
incorporation.

9.1.2 CCA has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder.

9.1.3 CCA is not currently under any order either from a court or a state regulatory body
prohibiting it from performing its Services in any state.

9.1.4 CCA is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of its obligations
hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.1.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against CCA which would materially affect
performance under this Agreement. CCA will notify USAA of any which develop during the term of
this Agreement.

9.1.6 CCA has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the CCA Marks as
contemplated herein.

9.1.7 CCA will perform its obligations with reasonable skill, care, and diligence.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5 of 14
