USAA CONTRACT " TROL NUMBER: 1029280

Rules and the terms of this Agreement. Before making any such disclosure, a Party shall give written
notice to all other Parties and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity to protect their interests,
except fo the extent such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulatory
requirements or professional standards.

18.3.6 The result of the arbitration shall be binding on the Parties, and judgment on the arbitration
award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

18.3.7. Each Party agrees to continue performing its obligations under this Agreement while any
dispute is being resolved unless and until such obligations are terminated by the termination or
expiration of this Agreement or court order.

ARTICLE 19: NO IMPLIED WAIVERS

The failure of either Party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver or
forfeiture of such rights. Any consent by any Party to, or a waiver of, a breach by the other shall be in writing
and shall not constitute consent to or waiver or any different or subsequent breach.

ARTICLE 20: LEGAL STATUS/REGULATORY CHANGES

CCA shall notify USAA, in writing, of any regulatory issues, arbitration, or litigation, pending or active,
that may affect CCA's obligations under this Agreement or any Addendum, promptly upon learning of same, but
in any event no later than thirty (30) days after CCA becomes aware of such matters.

ARTICLE 21; COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

ARTICLE 22; ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, the attachment and Exhibits contain the entire agreement of the Parties on the subject
matter covered by this Agreement. It shall not be modified, except by a written instrument, executed by both
Parties, which specifically refers to this Agreement and expressly recites its purpose to modify the same, This
Agreement supersedes any and all previous agreements related to the products or services identified herein,
whether oral or written, between the Parties.

ARTICLE 23; SEPARATE ENFORCEMENT OF PROJECT ADDENDUM

CCA acknowledges that each Project Addendum executed by a USAA Entity incorporating some or all
of the terms of this Agreement constitutes a separate agreement of the parties thereto, As such, breach or
termination of any Addendum will only be a breach or termination of that particular Addendum unless otherwise
specifically provided in any such Addendum.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 10 of 14
