DocuSign Envelope ID: E1753C6D-F644-416D-9208-FE6E2FB5319E

NOW KNOWN AS: 63034.1

WY Wu
S ? USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1029280000-01
USAA

and USAA from claims of personal injury, death and property damages and from claims under applicable
workers' compensation statutes. The CCA agrees to provide USAA with a certificate of such insurance
upon request. The CCA shall provide copies of its policies upon request by USAA. USAA reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement if the insurance carried by the CCA is insufficient
for the scope of services.

5. ARTICLE 24: OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

The CCA understands that USAA is a reciprocal interinsurance exchange, and as such, the CCA agrees that
no personal liability shall extend to any officer, director, member, agent or employee of USAA. The CCA
shall look solely to the assets of USAA for satisfaction of this Agreement.

6. This Agreement is hereby modified to add the following section:
ARTICLE 25: OFAC COMPLIANCE

The CCA is and shall remain in compliance with any and all laws and regulations promulgated or
issued, and as amended from time to time, by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury ("OFAC"), and any successor organization ("OFAC Regulations"). The CCA, their owners
and their personnel shall not provide any services to USAA in violation of such OFAC Regulations. The
CCA represents and warrants that no owner or subcontractors (including legal entities) that hold, directly or
indirectly, a fifty percent (50%) or greater interest in the CCA or subcontractors are blocked pursuant to
any OFAC Regulations and/or appear on:

(A) OFAC's list of blocked persons pursuant to Executive Order or OFAC Regulations, as amended from
time to time;

(B) OFAC's list of Specially Designated Nationals ("SDNs"), as amended from time to time; or

(C) Other lists of prohibited or blocked persons maintained by OFAC, as amended from time to time.
7. This Agreement is hereby modified to add the following section:

ARTICLE 26: ANTI-BRIBER Y LAWS COMPLIANCE

26.1 Anti-Bribery. CCA is aware of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act,
and other applicable anti-bribery Laws, and understands that USAA is committed to strict compliance with
these Laws. CCA therefore makes the following representations, warranties and covenants in connection
with this Agreement:

(A) Familiarity and Compliance with Anti-Bribery Laws. CCA is familiar with the
US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the ?FCPA?), U.K. Bribery Act, Bank Bribery Act as well as any anti-
bribery related Laws of any foreign or U.S. federal, state, or local government in which CCA is chartered,
incorporated, licensed, resides or operates its business in the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement (collectively, the ?Anti-Bribery Laws?); that is now in compliance with the Anti-Bribery Laws,
and will remain in compliance with such laws;

(B) No Improper Payments. That it will not, directly or indirectly, authorize offer,
promise, or make payments of anything of value, including but not limited to cash, checks, wire transfers,
tangible and intangible gifts (including charitable contributions, political or charitable contributions), favors,
services, and those entertainment and travel expenses that go beyond what is reasonable and customary and
modest of value to a Government Official or other person, while knowing or having a reasonable belief that
all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value will be used for the purpose of obtaining,
retaining, or directing business including: (a) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a Government
Official in his or her official capacity, (b) inducing any Government Official to use his or her influence with
a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity, (c) if such person?s

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
