USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

USAA?
MASTER AFFINITY AGREEMENT

This Master Affinity Agreement is made as of the 1? day of March, 2014 (?Effective Date?), between
UNITED SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION (?USAA?), a reciprocal interinsurance exchange having
its offices at 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288 and the UNITED STATES NAVAL
ACADEMY ALUMNI ASSOCIATION, INC. (the ?ALUMNI ASSOCIATION?), a non-profit corporation,
with headquarters located at 247 King George Street, Annapolis, MD 21402 and the NAVAL ACADEMY
ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION (the ?NAAA?), a Maryland non-profit unincorporated association with
headquarters at 566 Brownson Road, Annapolis, MD 21402 (collectively, ?NAVY ENTITIES?) (each a
?Party? and collectively the ?Parties?).

USAA and its Affiliates are engaged in the business of providing financial products and services to,
primarily, members and former members of the U.S. military and their families; and

NAVY ENTITIES desire to offer certain endorsed financial products and services to their Members
(hereinafter defined); and

NAVY ENTITIES also have certain media space available for general marketing activities and desires
to provide such space to USAA; .

USAA desires to offer such endorsed products and services to Members in accordance with the terms
and conditions contained in this Agreement and Addendum 01 (Endorsement Program) and Addendum 02
(Affinity Card Program), the ?Associated Addenda.?

Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, USAA
and NAVY ENTITIES agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1: DEFINITIONS

1.1 ?Affiliate? means with respect to a Party, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, joint stock
company, limited liability company, trust, estate, association or other entity the existence of which is recognized
by any governmental authority, (collectively an ?Entity?) that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with either Party listed herein or an
Entity in which either Party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, whether controlling or not, of at least
fifty percent (50%), at any time during the term of this Agreement. For purposes of this definition the term
?controls?, ?is controlled by? or ?under common control with? means the possession, direct or indirect, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.2 ?Addendum or Addenda? means one or more, as the case may be, addendum, purchase order or other
document that may be attached to this Agreement or which incorporates this Agreement by reference.

1.3 ?Agreement? means this Master Affinity Agreement, and any and ail addenda, appendices, exhibits, and
schedules attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference.

1.4 ?Disclosing Party? means anyone releasing Confidential Information.

1.5. ?Member(s)? means any individual who is a member, donor, supporter, or otherwise affiliated with the
NAVY ENTITIES.

1.6 ?Person? means any individual, corporation, partnership, firm, joint venture, association, joint-stock
company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental, judicial or regulatory
body, business unit, division or other entity.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page | of 17

