USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1027325000-001

USAA?
AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER AFFINITY
AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER AFFINITY AGREEMENT is made as of the 1" day of July,
2014 (?Effective Date?), amends, restates, and supersedes the existing MASTER AFFINITY AGREEMENT,
effective July 1, 2009, USAA Contract Control Number 1027325, as amended, by and between UNITED
SERVICES AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATION (?USAA?), a reciprocal interinsurance exchange having its offices
at 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288 and the ASSOCIATION OF GRADUATES OF THE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY, INC., a Colorado corporation with offices located at 3116
Academy Drive, USAF Academy, Colorado Springs, CO 80840-4475 (?AOG?)(each a ?Party? and collectively
the ?Parties?).

USAA and its Affiliates are engaged in the business of providing financial products and services to,
primarily, members and former members of the U.S. military and their families; and

AOG is a member based entity and desires to offer certain endorsed financial products and services to
its Members (hereinafter defined); and

AOG also has certain media space available for general marketing activities and desires to provide such
space to USAA; and

USAA desires to offer such endorsed products and services to Members and acquire the media space
available for its general marketing use according to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and
associated Addenda.

Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, USAA
and AOG agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1: DEFINITIONS

1.1. ?Affiliate? means with respect to a Party, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, joint stock
company, limited liability company, trust, estate, association or other entity the existence of which is recognized
by any governmental authority, (collectively an ?Entity?) that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with either Party listed herein or an
Entity in which either Party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, whether controlling or not, of at least
fifty percent (50%), at any time during the term of this Agreement. For purposes of this definition the term
?controls?, ?is controlled by? or ?under common control with? means the possession, direct or indirect, of the
power to dircct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.2 ?Addendum or Addenda? means one or more, as the case may be, addendum, purchase order or other
document that may be attached to this Agreement or which incorporates this Agreement by reference.

1.3 ?Agreement? means this Amended and Restated Master Affinity Agreement, and any and all addenda,
appendices, exhibits, and schedules attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference.

1.4 ?Disclosing Party? means anyone releasing Confidential Information.

1.5 | ?Member(s)? means any individual who is a member of AOG.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page | of 16

