Lat

E

USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 000000293 1-02
NOW KNOWN AS: 66242.1

(B) No Improper Payments. That it will not, directly or indirectly, authorize offer,
promise, or make payments of anything of value, including but not limited to cash, checks, wire transfers,
tangible and intangible gifts (including charitable contributions, political or charitable contributions), favors,
services, and those entertainment and travel expenses that go beyond what is reasonable and customary and
modest of value to a Government Official or other person, while knowing or having a reasonable belief that
all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value will be used for the purpose of obtaining,
retaining, or directing business including: (a) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a Government
Official in his or her official capacity, (b) inducing any Government Official to use his or her influence with
a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity, (c) if such person?s
acceptance of such payment or benefit would itself constitute a violation of such person?s duties or
responsibilities, or (d) securing an improper advantage. USMMA Alumni Foundation further represents and
warrants that no part of payments it receives from USAA will be used for any purpose that could constitute
a violation of any applicable Laws, including the Laws of the U.S., the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or Anti-
Bribery Laws.

(C) Subsequently Identified Anti-Bribery Concerns. USMMA Alumni Foundation
agrees that should it learn or have reason to know of any payment or transfer (or any offer or promise to pay
or transfer) that would violate the FCPA, other Laws of the United States, Anti-Bribery Laws, or the Laws
of the countries in which this Agreement is made or applies, it shall immediately disclose it to USAA. The
Parties will meet promptly, as appropriate, in light of a potential Anti-Bribery concern being identified,
discovered, or disclosed. If, after consultation by all Parties to the Agreement, such Anti-Bribery concern
cannot be resolved in the good faith and reasonable judgement of USAA, then USAA, on written notice to
the USMMA Alumni Foundation, may withdraw from or terminate this agreement.

(D) Disclosure. The terms of this Agreement and information about the USMMA
Alumni Foundation?s performance thereunder may be disclosed to the United States government and/or

applicable non-U.S. government, and any other relevant government agencies, if deemed appropriate by
USAA.

(E) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary,
USAA may withhold payments under this Agreement and/or suspend or terminate this Agreement, without
limiting any other right, without liability and without notice or at any time upon learning information giving
it a reasonable belief that USMMA Alumni Foundation may have violated, or may have caused USAA to
violate, any applicable Anti-Bribery Law, including the FCPA. In the event of a termination under this
provision, all representations and warranties will survive the termination.

Upon request, USMMA Alumni Foundation shall certify to USAA by having a duly authorized
officer execute an Anti-Bribery Compliance Certification, the form of which is attached hereto as the Anti-
Bribery Laws Compliance Certification Exhibit, and cause such fully executed certificate to be delivered to
the designated USAA Representative.

This Agreement is hereby modified to add EXHIBIT B, ANTI-BRIBERY LAWS COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATION attached herein.

Except as provided herein, the Agreement remains unchanged and in full force and effect.

Confidential
