USB ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004380

1.25 ?Program? means the affinity credit card program between USB and VMI offered pursuant to
this Addendum 01.

1.26 ?Program Materials? means any marketing material, application forms, solicitation materials,
telemarketing scripts, or other materials related to the Program.

1.27 ?Quarter? means each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31
December in each year.

1.28 ?Relevant Authority? means any agency or other governmental authority having authority to
regulate USB,

1.29 ?Renewal Account? means an Account other than an Inactive Account,

1,30 "Term" means the Addendum 01 Initial Term or any Extended Term, as further set forth in the
Agreement.

ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION
21 Account Fees.
2.1.1 VMI shall earn the following Account Fees under the Program;

(A) Quarterly New Account Fees: A sum equivalent to one dollar ($1.00) multiplied by
the number of Accounts, other than Excluded Accounts, opened during the previous Quarter
and activated through Cash Transactions or retail purchase transactions. This fee is earned
on the last day of each Quarter only for such Accounts first opened that Quarter.

(B) Quarterly Account Transaction Fee: A sum equivalent to twenty-five (25) basis
points of the Eligible Transaction Volume in the previous Quarter on all Accounts other than
Inactive Accounts. This fee is earned on the last day of each Quarter,

(C) Annual Account Renewal Fee: A sum equivalent to one dollar ($1.00) multiplied by
the number of Renewal Accounts as of September 1* of each year.

2.2 Payment, USB shall pay VMI the specified Account Fees within sixty (60) days after the end of
the Quarter in which such Account Fees were earned.

ARTICLE 3; USB?s RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

31 Program, The Program shall be a credit card program designed for Members and prospective
Members. USB shall develop and manage the Program in accordance with the following requirements:

3.1.1 Program Implementation. USB will prepare a detailed implementation plan and
schedule for the Program and the Parties will mutually agree to a launch date for the Card, USB
shall determine the credit card products to offer as part of the Program including the features
and benefits of the Cards offered in the Program.

3.1.2 Program Materials and Card Design. USB shall design and produce all Program
Materials and shall be responsible for ali costs of the Program Materials except to the extent
VMI agrees in writing to assume certain costs. USB shall design, produce, and issue all Cards
under the Program. Each Card shail contain VMI and USB?s names and logos as well as other
information required by USB and Visa, MasterCard, or American Express. Design of Program

USB CONFIDENTIAL ; Page 3 of 8
