USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

1.7. ?Recipient? means anyone who receives Confidential Information.
1.8 ?Term? means the Initial Term and Extended Term collectively.

In addition to the terms defined above, other defined terms are used in this Agreement and such terms shall have
the meanings defined for such terms in the first paragraph where they appear.

ARTICLE 2: SERVICES

The services to be performed shall be specified on one or more Addendum between USAA and one or
more of the NAVY ENTITIES.

ARTICLE 3: RELATIONSHIP MANAGER

Each Party will designate and provide business relationship manager(s) (?Relationship Managers?) to
manage the day-to-day relationship and handle problem resolution between NAVY ENTITIES and USAA. Each
Party?s Relationship Manager will respond to issues as promptly as commercially reasonable under the
circumstances. Each Party?s Relationship Manager shall be available during normal working hours, except
holidays. Each Party will provide backup Relationship Managers in the absence of its regular Relationship
Manager.

ARTICLE 4: COMPENSATION

4.1 Fees. USAA shall pay NAVY ENTITIES in accordance with the fees and payment terms specified in the
Associated Addenda.

4.2 Payment. All fees shall be due by USAA as specified in the Associated Addenda and paid using
electronic funds transfer (?EFT?) in accordance with Exhibit A, and shall be paid by USAA or an Affiliate to the
accounts specified. The ALUMNI ASSOCIATION shall establish a separate depositary account for receipt of
payments under this Agreement, as well as electronic funds transfer procedures, EFT implementation
procedures, and affinity set up procedures that are consistent with the ALUMNI ASSOCIATION?s depositary
account restraints and with Exhibit A, Schedule 1.1, and Exhibit B hereto. Payments made by USAA under
Addendum 01, the Endorsement Program, shall be paid into the ALUMNI ASSOCIATION?s depositary account
established in its own name.

4.3 Disputes. If either Party disputes any fee or other charge, USAA and NAVY ENTITIES will use
diligent efforts to resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days. USAA will pay any undisputed amounts due.
Each Party will provide the other Party with copies of all supporting documentation relating to the dispute within
fifteen (15) days after written notification has been provided. The disputed amount (or such amount as may be
ultimately determined to be correct) shall not be due until fifteen (15) days after the dispute is resolved.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein, USAA shall have no obligation to pay a disputed amount until
resolution of the dispute.

ARTICLE 5: TERM OF AGREEMENT

5.1 Initial Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be in effect
until February 28, 2021, unless otherwise terminated pursuant to Article 6 of this Agreement (?Initial Term?).

5.2 Automatic Renewal of Initial Term. This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one-
year periods under the same terms and conditions (each an ?Extended Term?) unless either Party provides the
other Party written notice of its intent not to renew at least one hundred-eighty (180) days before the Initial Term
or any Extended Term of this Agreement expires.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 2 of 17
