USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

18.2.4 If the Parties have not resolved a Dispute within thirty (30) days after written notice beginning
mediation (or a longer period, if the Parties agree to extend the mediation), the mediation shall terminate
and the Dispute shall be settled by arbitration. In addition, if a Party initiates litigation, arbitration, or
other binding dispute resolution process without initiating mediation, or before the mediation process
has terminated, an opposing Party may deem the mediation requirement to have been waived and may
proceed with arbitration.

18.3 Arbitration.

18.3.1 The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the procedures in this document and the
AAA Rules for Arbitration (?Rules?) as in effect on the date of the Agreement, or such other rules and
procedures as the Parties may agree. In the event of a conflict, the provisions of this document will
control. If USAA initiates a Dispute, then the arbitration shall take place in Anne Arundel County,
Maryland. If NAVY ENTITIES initiates a Dispute, then the arbitration shall take place in Bexar
County, Texas.

18.3.2 The arbitration will be conducted before a panel of three arbitrators, two of whom are to be
designated by the Parties from the AAA. Any issue concerning the extent to which any dispute is
subject to arbitration, or concerning the applicability, interpretation, or enforceability of any of these
procedures, shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and resolved by the arbitrators. No
potential arbitrator may be appointed unless he or she has agreed in writing to these procedures. The
arbitration panel shall have no power to award non-monetary or equitable relief of any sort or to make
an award or impose a remedy that (i) is inconsistent with the agreement to which these procedures are
attached or any other agreement relevant to the dispute, or (ii) could not be made or imposed by a
court deciding the matter in the same jurisdiction.

18.3.3. Nothing in this Article 18 shall prohibit or otherwise limit a Party?s right to initiate litigation .
to enforce the Arbitration Panel?s award as described herein, to obtain injunctive relief as permitted
under the terms of this agreement and at law or in equity (including enforcement of any equitable
remedies to preserve confidentiality or intellectual property rights), or preserve a superior position
with respect to other creditors.

18.3.4 Discovery shall be permitted in connection with the arbitration in accordance with the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator(s) must give effect to legal privileges including the
attorney-client privilege and the work-product immunity.

18.3.5 All aspects of the arbitration shall be treated as confidential. The Parties and the arbitration
panel may disclose the existence, content or results of the arbitration only in accordance with the
Rules and the terms of this Agreement. Before making any such disclosure, a Party shall give written
notice to all other Parties and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity to protect their interests,
except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulatory
requirements or professional standards.

18.3.6 The result of the arbitration shall be binding on the Parties, and judgment on the arbitration
award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

18.3.7 Each Party agrees to continue performing its obligations under this Agreement while any
dispute is being resolved unless and until such obligations are terminated by the termination or
expiration of this Agreement or court order.
ARTICLE 19: NO IMPLIED WAIVERS
The failure of either Party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver or

forfeiture of such rights. Any consent by any Party to, or a waiver of, a breach by the other shall be in writing
and shall not constitute consent to or waiver or any different or subsequent breach.

ARTICLE 20: LEGAL STATUS/REGULATORY CHANGES

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 10 of 17
