USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754

9.1.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against the NAVY ENTITIES which would
materially affect performance under this Agreement. NAVY ENTITIES will notify USAA of any
which develop during the term of this Agreement.

9.1.6 NAVY ENTITIES have all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the
NAVY ENTITIES Marks as contemplated herein.

9.1.7. NAVY ENTITIES will perform all obligations with reasonable skill, care, and diligence.

9.1.8 NAVY ENTITIES will perform all obligations in compliance with all applicable statutes and
regulations.

9.1.9 NAVY ENTITIES will not share, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or
make or distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from, any software or hardware
contained in the website or the services of USAA or its Affiliates.

9.1.10 NAVY ENTITIES is not now, nor will the execution, delivery, or performance of and
compliance with the terms of this Agreement cause NAVY ENTITIES to be in violation of: (1) any
laws now in effect; (2) the terms of any agreement, document or instrument to which NAVY
ENTITIES is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound, or (3) NAVY ENTITIES? Articles
or Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws.

9.1.11 No consent of any other person and no consent, license, permit, approval or authorization or
exemption by or registration or declaration with, any tribunal is required in connection with the
execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

9.2 USAA Representations and Warranties.

9.2.1 USAA is a reciprocal interinsurance exchange in good standing, organized pursuant to the
laws of the State of Texas.

9.2.2. USAA has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder.

9.2.3. USAA is not currently under any order either from a court or a state regulatory body
prohibiting it from operating its Services in any state.

9.2.4 USAA is solvent at the time of execution of this Agreement and performance of its
obligations hereunder shall not cause it to become insolvent.

9.2.5 There are no legal actions threatened or pending against USAA which would materially affect
performance under this Agreement. USAA will notify NAVY ENTITIES of any which develop
during the term of this Agreement.

9.2.6 USAA has all the requisite approvals, right and authority to use and provide the USAA Marks
as contemplated herein.

9.2.7 USAA will perform its services with reasonable skill, care and diligence.

9.2.8 In providing such services, USAA will comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and
industry codes of conduct and practice as mandated by any Regulatory Authority.

9.2.9 USAA will not share, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or
distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from, any software or hardware contained in the
website or the services of USAA or its Affiliates.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 6 of 17
