USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000002931

attached or any other agreement relevant to the dispute, or (ii) could not be made or imposed by a
court deciding the matter in the same jurisdiction.

18.3.3 Nothing in this Article 18 shall prohibit or otherwise limit a Party?s right to initiate litigation
to enforce the Arbitration Panel?s award as described herein, to obtain injunctive relief as permitted
under the terms of this agreement and at law or in equity (including enforcement of any equitable
remedies to preserve confidentiality or intellectual property rights), or preserve a superior position
with respect to other creditors,

18.3.4 Discovery shall be permitted in connection with the arbitration in accordance with the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator(s) must give effect to legal privileges including the
attorney-client privilege and the work-product immunity.

18.3.5 All aspects of the arbitration shall be treated as confidential. The Parties and the arbitration
panel may disclose the existence, content or results of the arbitration only in accordance with the
Rules and the terms of this Agreement. Before making any such disclosure, a Party shall give written
notice to all other Parties and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity to protect their interests,
except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, regulatory
requirements or professional standards.

18.3.6 The result of the arbitration shall be binding on the Parties, and judgment on the arbitration
award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

18.3.7 Each Party agrees to continue performing its obligations under this Agreement while any
dispute is being resolved unless and until such obligations are terminated by the termination or
expiration of this Agreement or court order.

ARTICLE 19: NO IMPLIED WAIVERS

The failure of either Party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver or
forfeiture of such rights. Any consent by any Party to, or a waiver of, a breach by the other shall be in writing
and shall not constitute consent to or waiver or any different or subsequent breach.

ARTICLE 20: LEGAL STATUS/REGULATORY CHANGES

USMMA Alumni Foundation shall notify USAA, in writing, of any regulatory issues, arbitration, or
litigation, pending or active, that may affect USMMA Alumni Foundation's obligations under this Agreement or
any Addendum, promptly upon learning of same, but in any event no later than thirty (30) days after USMMA
Alumni Foundation becomes aware of such matters.

ARTICLE 21: COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

ARTICLE 22: ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, the attachment and Exhibits contain the entire agreement of the Parties on the subject
matter covered by this Agreement. It shall not be modified, except by a written instrument, executed by both
Parties, which specifically refers to this Agreement and expressly recites its purpose to modify the same. This
Agreement supersedes any and all previous agreements related to the products or services identified herein,
whether oral or written, between the Parties.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 10 of 14
