USAA? USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

4.1 Exclusive Endorsement. AOG shall not, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly: (i) sponsor, endorse, offer, advertise, aid, or market the products and services of any third party
that competes with the Covered Products; (ii) license or allow others to license the AOG Marks (as defined
in the Agreement) in relation to or for promoting any products and services that compete with the Covered
Products; or (iii) sell, rent, or otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make
available any of its Member (as defined in the Agreement) lists or information about any current or
potential Members in relation to or for promoting any Covered Products of any entity other USAA.

4.2 Exceptions to Exclusivity. The following are excluded from the exclusivity provisions contained in
Section 4.1 above:

4.2.1 An advertisement which is solely a solicitation for employment with that company (i.e.
hiring representatives);

4.2.2 An advertisement which is a ?thank you? or ?congratulatory message? for the U.S. Military,
its branches, or the Air Force Academy (e.g. Congratulations on your 60 Anniversary);

4.2.3. Exceptions to restrictions on Covered Products in Exhibit A for local third parties which are
submitted by emai] to USAA for consideration and subsequently approved by email by an
authorized representative of USAA. If such an exception is granted, AOG will ensure
identification of USAA as the Premier Sponsorship is more prominent than the identification
of the local third party at the event or media outlet in question and AOG will not advertise
any specific products or services of the third party; or

ARTICLE 5: MARKETING BENEFITS
AOG shall provide USAA with the following marketing benefits (?Benefits?).

5.1 General.

5.1.1 Prominence of USAA?s logo. USAA?s logo shall be more prominently positioned than any
other AOG third party sponsor or provider within each marketing channel that USAA?s logo
appears.

5.1.2 Reference to USAA. In all Benefits, AOG will refer to USAA as the Premier Sponsor or by
mutually agreed upon phrasing that signifies AOG exclusive endorsement of the Covered Products.
In other marketing materials not covered hereunder, the Parties will mutually agree on the reference
to USAA.

5.1.3. Creative Design. Unless, otherwise specified, USAA shall be responsible for the creative
design for each Benefit, subject to AOG approval.

5.1.4 Corporate Sponsorship Benefits. In addition to the Benefits contained hereunder, AOG
will provide USAA all benefits associated with the highest level of corporate sponsorship available.

5.1.5 Annual Marketing Plan. The Parties will collaborate on an annual product marketing plan
that will identify the monthly marketing campaigns planned. The marketing plan will be prepared
by USAA and approved by both parties to serve as the basis for both Parties obligations. The Parties
may mutually agree to modify the marketing plan as frequently as monthly to account for changing
market conditions and ensure success of the Program. At a minimum, or as otherwise agreed to by
the Parties, the marketing plan will include:

5.2 Direct Marketing.

5.2.1 Upon request by USAA, AOG shall provide USAA access to its Member and prospect
list (excluding those members who have opted out of receiving commercial messages) and limited

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 3
