USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

or declining transactions; (d) settling transactions and billing Product Holders; (e) receiving and processing
payments from Product Holders; (f) providing customer service on products or services; (g) handling Product
Holder disputes related to the products or services or resulting transactions; (h) terminating, blocking or
suspending charge privileges on a product or service; (i) closing a product or service; (j) handling fraud
claims; (k) record retention; and (I) any other functions related to products or services. USAA may
subcontract such services to a third party, provided that any such subcontracting shall not relieve USAA of
its duties or obligations under the Agreement or this Addendum. USAA shall underwrite, establish, maintain,
and service all products or services in accordance with USAA?s underwriting, credit, and eligibility criteria,
policies, and procedures and any relevant agreements with individual Product Holders, as the same may be
amended from time to time at USAA?s sole discretion, but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws
and regulations. NAVY ENTITIES acknowledges and agrees that USAA shall have sole ownership and
accountability for rights, assets, benefits, duties, and obligations with individual Product Holders and that
NAVY ENTITIES shall not have any rights or obligations whatsoever in relation to the product or service
relationship between USAA and a Product Holder. NAVY ENTITIES shall refer all inquiries and incoming
correspondence from Product Holders to USAA.

ARTICLE 7: TERM

7.1. Term. This Addendum shall commence on the Effective Date and expire upon the end of the Initial
Term or the Extended Term, unless terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

7.2 Termination Obligations. Upon the termination or expiration of this Addendum:
7.2.1 USAA shall:

7.2.1.1 Cease to use NAVY ENTITIES?s Marks or Content on any USAA Authorized Materials,

7.2.1.2 discontinue use of NAVY ENTITIES?s Marks or Content in any marketing materials
related to the Program,

7.2.1.3. in the event USAA offers a co-branded account (e.g. credit or debit card), notify each
accountholder that the NAVY ENTITIES is no longer associated with USAA. Such notice
will be delivered in a format and manner consistent with industry practice in use at the
time of the notice; and upon the expiration date of a co-branded product, USAA will
reissue a replacement product that does not bear NAVY ENTITIES?s Marks or Content if
NAVY ENTITIES Member determines to continue the related account at that time,

7.2.1.4 transfer all Member and prospect database back to the NAVY ENTITIES and take any
additional steps specified to safeguard the member and prospect database.

7.2.1.5 In accordance with Section 7.5 of the Agreement, USAA will purge all Member and
prospect database in its possession, including all Member and prospect database residing
on computer hardware, cloud services, magnetic or optical media and paper.

7.2.2. NAVY ENTITIES shall immediately:

7.2.2.1 cease to promote the Program; and

7.2.2.2. cease to use any Program Materials; and

7.2.2.3 Return or destroy any unused Program Materials in accordance with Section 7.5 of the
Agreement.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 6

Confidential
