USAA CONTRACT U -(TROL NUMBER; 1029280

EXHIBIT A
ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER
PROCEDURES

For any amounts owed by USAA to CCA under any Addendum, USAA may initiate Entries (hereinafter
defined) to the CCA?S account specified on the attached EFT Implementation Form (?Account?) in payment of
obligations owed by USAA to CCA on the terms set forth below. "Entries? mean, an instruction sent by USAA
to its originating bank to pay or to cause another bank to pay an unconditioned specified amount of money to
CCA. CCA hereby authorizes USAA to initiate Entries for obligations owing to CCA from time fo time. The
financial institution specified on the EFT Implementation Form attached hereto is hereby authorized to credit
and, if USAA notifies CCA in advance and CCA gives its consent, to debit adjustments to such Entries to the
Account.

Compliance with Rules. CCA and USAA agree to comply with and be bound by the National Automated
Clearing House Rules in effect from time to time.

CCA?S Account. The Account is the deposit account maintained by CCA and specified in the attached EFT
Implementation Form. Any changes in the CCA?S deposit account should be communicated to USAA by
completing a new EFT Implementation Form. Changes should be sent by facsimile to USAA Accounts Payable
at 866-851-3640 or 866-282-9021.

USAA will normally be able to initiate Entries to the new account within thirty (30) days of receipt of
notification.

Failure or Delay of Payment. USAA shall not be deemed to default of any applicable contractual relationship
between the parties giving rise to an obligation of USAA to pay CCA (the ?Business Agreement?) or suffer any
loss of discount or other penalty by reason of any delay in receipt by CCA?S financial institution, the non-receipt
by such institution of any Entry initiated by USAA or failure or delay by the funds transfer system. However,
any such failure, delay, or non-receipt does not extinguish USAA?s obligation to pay CCA under the terms of the
Business Agreement as soon as practicable after the failure, delay or non-receipt is discovered.

No Default. USAA shall not be deemed to be in default of the Business Agreement if any other means of
payment (e.g. paper check or wire transfer) shall be made by USAA in accordance with the terms of the Business
Agreement.

Remittance Information. For each Entry initiated, USAA shall communicate the information related to the
payment (?Remittance Information?) as specified in the attached EFT Implementation Form. CCA
acknowledges that its receipt of Remittance Information, if communicated separately from the payment to which
the Remittance Information relates, will not constitute a warranty by USAA that the funds transfer has been
initiated or that any resulting payment order will be accepted by CCA?S financial institution on any date
specified in the Remittance Information.

Timeliness. A payment from USAA to CCA shall be considered timely with respect to any due date determined
in accordance with the Business Agreement if USAA initiates the Entry no later than such payment due date.
However, if financial institutions are not open for business on such payment due date, USAA?s payment shall be
deemed timely if the Entry is initiated on the next day financial institutions are open for business.

Partial Payments. Notwithstanding any statement contained in any Remittance Information to the contrary, the
completion of any funds transfer hereunder shall not constitute full satisfaction of USAA?s obligations if the
amount paid is less than that required by the underlying business obligation owed by USAA to CCA.

Security Procedures. Payment instructions and Remittance Information exchanged shall be solely used for the
purpose intended under the terms of the Business Agreement and shall not be made available for any other
purposes. Each Party shall employ reasonable security procedures to ensure that payment instructions,
Remittance Information, notices and other information specified herein that are electronically created,
communicated, processed, stored, retained or retrieved are authentic, accurate, reliable, complete, and reasonably

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 12 of 14
