USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

5.6 WaveTops e-Newsletter. NAVY ENTITIES will include a USAA advertisement and hyperlink to
usaa.com or supporting product pages in each electronic issue of its WaveTops publication.

5.7 Social and Interactive Media. NAVY ENTITIES will provide USAA the opportunity to create
new messaging to be used throughout NAVY ENTITIES social media channels at least one (1)
time per quarter. The timing and content of one or more messages per quarter is subject to the
mutual agreement of the Parties. NAVY ENTITIES will also promote, repost, or amplify USAA
content at USAA?s request and NAVY ENTITIES?s availability. USAA will have the ability to
provide content for inclusion across the full range of social media channels, but the placement and
timing of each message within a particular channel will be subject to the mutual agreement of the
Parties.

5.8 Mailings. NAVY ENTITIES shall include a buck slip or other USAA information in each of its
mailings to new members, renewing members, new grads, and parents. Should NAAA be unable to
provide the above mailings, NAAA will allow USAA Affinity to promote the Card in its initial
prior to Season Digital email to its Navy Football Season Ticket customers. Design subject to
mutual approval.

5.9 Third Party Marketing Channels. USAA may, at its own expense, utilize third party marketing
channels, including but not limited to targeted digital, paid search, paid social, and out-of-home to
deliver advertisements to Members. Creative will be subject to NAVY ENTITIES approval, and
placement or distribution of ads will be executed according to USAA?s marketing and media
strategies and any predetermined criteria for ad delivery.

5.10 Athletic Events. NAVY ENTITIES will provide tabling access at all Annapolis football games (and
on Navy side at Army-Navy football game supporting USAA?s role as Game presenter), and at
Annapolis home men?s lacrosse, and men?s basketball games. NAVY ENTITIES may also provide
tabling access at other athletic events determined by the Parties to benefit the Program.

5.11 Other Marketing Opportunities. NAVY ENTITIES shall pursue additional opportunities to
market the Covered Products as other channels become available.

ARTICLE 6: MARKETING TERMS AND CONDITIONS

6.1 Approval of Marketing Channel and Content. The channel and content of such marketing shall
be mutually agreed to by the Parties, provided, however, that USAA shall have the final approval of any
language that needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed to be include
or removed to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

6.2 Marketing Expense. Creative for marketing of Covered Products and direct mail for Covered
Products will be at USAA?s expense.

6.3 Applications and Underwriting. USAA will provide the capabilities necessary to establish product
or service relationships with individual Members. USAA shall have the exclusive right to determine whether
to establish or not establish a product or service with any individual and shall be solely responsible for
determining any and all requirements and criteria for establishing such product or service. NAVY ENTITIES
acknowledges that USAA products and services are subject to certain eligibility restrictions and that some of
NAVY ENTITIES?s Members may or may not be eligible for all products and services of USAA, and that
products or services offered to individuals within certain eligibility classifications may have different rates,
benefits, or features than products or services established with individuals who meet eligibility criteria.

6.4 Account Management. USAA shall provide all services related to products or services established
with Product Holders under this program and shall have the exclusive right to make any and all account-
related decisions, including but not limited to (a) assigning or determining credit limits, cash advance limits
or other limits related to each product or service; (b) issuing or re-issuing products or services, (c) authorizing

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5
Confidential
