USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

"Privacy Rules" means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and its implementing regulations
applicable to national banks, the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer
Information and state laws regarding the privacy and security of consumers? personal information.

?Product? means an account opened by an individual pursuant to the processes for establishing any product
or service by USAA and its Affiliates.

?Product Holder? means an individual in whose name a product or service of USAA and its Affiliates is
established, including a joint accountholder or guarantor or authorized user thereof.

?Program? means the affinity marketing program between USAA and NAVY ENTITIES offered pursuant
to this Addendum.

?Program Materials? means any marketing material, application forms, solicitation materials,
telemarketing scripts, or other materials related to the Program.

?Quarter? means each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in
each year.

"Term" means any Initial Term or any Extended Term, as further set forth in the Agreement
ARTICLE 2: SCOPE OF ENDORSEMENT

NAVY ENTITIES agrees to offer and endorse the list of USAA products in Exhibit A (?Covered Products?)
to Members, including the ability for USAA to incorporate NAVY ENTITIES Marks in or with products
or services offered by USAA to Members, including but not limited to credit and payment cards. It is
understood between the Parties that USAA?s ability to incorporate NAVY ENTITIES Marks in or with
products and services extends to other marketing assets agreed between the Parties, subject to the
approvals detailed below.

ARTICLE 3: COMPENSATION

3.1 Marketing Access Fee. USAA shall pay NAVY ENTITIES an annual fee of six hundred thousand
dollars ($600,000.00) on or about each January 15" throughout the Term (?Marketing Access Fee?).

3.2. Change in Marketing Benefits. In the event (i) NAVY ENTITIES are unable to provide the Benefits,
as defined herein, during the Term of this Addendum 01, or (ii) if any of the Benefits change materially
in scope from that in effect as of the Effective Date of this Addendum 01, or (iii) if NAVY ENTITIES
desires to offer a new Benefit to USAA, then the Parties will evaluate the impact to the overall
relationship and may negotiate an equitable adjustment to the Compensation.

3.3. Member List. NAVY ENTITIES shall provide USAA with an updated Member List at least two (2)
times per year. NAVY ENTITIES shall use its best efforts to provide as complete a list as possible of
all Members. The Member List will be used for various marketing purposes, including but not limited
to comparison against other lists to reduce duplicate marketing messages delivered to an individual and
enablement of third party marketing channels.

3.4 Advertising Fees. For additional advertising, if any, beyond what is set forth in Article 5, NAVY
ENTITIES shall charge USAA fees equal to its then-current published media kit, less a twenty percent
(20%) discount. In no event shall the fees charged to USAA exceed those charged to any other advertiser
for the same or similar scope of commitment.

ARTICLE 4: EXCLUSIVITY

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 2

Confidential
