USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

5.2 Direct Marketing.

5.3

5.4

5.5

5.2.1

5.2.2

5.2.3

5.2.4

Upon request by USAA, USNAAA shall provide USAA access to its Member and prospect list
(excluding those members who have opted out of receiving commercial messages) and limited
access of NAVY ENTITIES Marks up to eight (8) times for direct mail and up to eight (8) times
for email, with up to ten (10) different message versions per each direct mailing campaign, per
year for the purpose of marketing Covered Products of USAA and its Affiliates.

Upon request by USAA, NAAA shall provide USAA access to its Member and prospect list
(excluding those members who have opted out of receiving commercial messages) and limited
access of NAVY ENTITIES Marks up to two (2) times per year with different message versions
per each direct mailing campaign, per year for the purpose of marketing Covered Products of
USAA and its Affiliates.

USAA may market Covered Products to NAVY ENTITIES Members by direct mail from USAA
or email through the USAA email system. The channel and content of such marketing shall be
mutually agreed to by the Parties; provided however, USAA shall have the final approval of any
language that needs to be included or removed based on its decision that such language is needed
to be included or removed to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements.

Some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include a signature from an officer of NAVY
ENTITIES to signify their endorsement.

Shipmate Magazine. NAVY ENTITIES shall provide to USAA two (2) full-page, full-color
advertisements in each issue of its Shipmate magazine, and at least two (2) of these advertisements
shall appear in a cover and/or premium position, whichever is best and available, each year.

Home Page. NAVY ENTITIES shall provide USAA the following:

5.4.1

5.4.2

5.4.3

5.4.4

5.4.5

5.4.6

Reference to USAA as established in accordance with section 5.1.2 of this Addendum 01;

Space for USAA logo and/or textual reference to appear both above and below fold customary
to where NAVY ENTITIES allow for commercial advertising and promotion;

When available on the USNAAA site, in any rotating banner the USAA advertisement will be
first image with potential to rotate in different advertisements, and shall be displayed no less
frequently than every four (4) images (with the potential to rotate in several USAA banners
advertising different products);

USAA?s Affinity creative logo, on NAVY ENTITIES home page or applicable landing pages,
shall function as a hyperlink to USAA.com or other USAA approved landing page for the
products specified under Exhibit A;

The opportunity to add links pertaining to USAA sponsored webinars, editorial content and
USAA upcoming events; and

If the NAVY ENTITIES home page is significantly modified, NAVY ENTITIES will ensure the
requirements contained herein continue to be provided to USAA and will provide USAA any
additional website opportunity, if available after the modification.

Alumni Events. NAVY ENTITIES will provide USAA the opportunity to attend events offered
annually, subject to Navy regulations and JAG approval, with reference as established by subsection
5.1.2 above indicating exclusive endorsement, with benefits including recognition in program if
available and tabling if sponsors are attending.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 4

Confidential
