USB ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 0000004380

1.10 "Business Day" means any day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a bank or public holiday in
New York.

1.11 "Card" means, a credit card issued by USB under the Program and made available to a _
Cardholder which is branded with VMI Marks and/or Content. The Card may be a MasterCard, Visa or
American Express card as USB shall determine in its discretion.

1.12 ?Cardholder? means an Applicant in whose name an Account is established, including a joint
accountholder or guarantor or authorized user thereof.

1.13 ?Cardholder Agreement? means an agreement between USB and a Cardholder governing the
Cardholder?s Account.

1.14 ?Cash Transaction? means cash advances, balance transfers or cash equivalent transactions
(including, without limitation, the purchase of wire transfers, money orders, bets, lottery tickets, or
casino gaming chips).

1.45 ?Content? means any text, image or logo submitted by VMI to USB for the purpose of being
used on the Card, the USB authorized materials, or other approved marketing materials,

1.16 ?Contract Year? means each 12-month period beginning on the Effective Date or any annual
anniversary of the Effective Date.

1.17 ?Excluded Account? means an Account opened for a Cardholder who, as of the date the Card is
launched, (i) is identified within the USB data file as a current USB customer, and (ii) at the time of
opening such Account, has a USB issued credit card account that was opened prior to the date of the
Application.

1.18 ?Effective Date? means the date first set forth above.

1.19 "Eligible Transaction Volume? means all retail purchase transaction dollar volume generated
using an Account, excluding transactions that: (i) relate to refunds, returns or unauthorized transactions,
(ii) are a Cash Transaction; or (iii) constitute the redemption by Cardholder of rewards eared from USB
for Card use.

1.20 ?Inactive Account? means an Account that either (ij) has had neither Eligible Transaction
Volume nor a Cash Transaction for the past twelve (12) months; or (ii) is no longer permitted to have any
further Eligible Transaction Volume or a Cash Transaction in the future due to a closed, fraud, collection,
bankruptcy, death, or other account status.

1,21 "Intellectual Property Rights" means copyright, design rights, rights in databases, moral rights,
trade marks, service marks, trade and business names, patents, rights in inventions and other intellectual
property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including applications for the grant of
the foregoing and all rights or forms of protection having equivalent or similar effect to any of the
foregoing which may subsist anywhere in the world.

1.22. ?Member List? means a list containing the names, addresses, phone numbers, and other
information of Members.

1.23. ?Personnel? means the officers, directors, and employees of the relevant party.
1.24 "Privacy Rules" means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and its implementing
regulations applicable to national banks, the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for

Safeguarding Customer Information and state laws regarding the privacy and security of consumers?
personal information.

USB CONFIDENTIAL Page 2 of 8
