 y USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000007754
NOW KNOWN AS: 70839.1

under applicable workers' compensation statutes. The NAVY ENTITIES agrees to provide USAA with a
certificate of such insurance upon request. The NAVY ENTITIES shall provide copies of its policies upon
request by USAA. USAA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement if the
insurance carried by the NAVY ENTITIES is insufficient for the scope of services.

ARTICLE 25: OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

The NAVY ENTITIES understands that USAA is a reciprocal interinsurance exchange, and as such, the
NAVY ENTITIES agrees that no personal liability shall extend to any officer, director, member, agent or
employee of USAA. The NAVY ENTITIES shall look solely to the assets of USAA for satisfaction of this
Agreement.

USAA acknowledges that this Agreement is an obligation of the NAVAL ENTITIES and agrees that no
personal liability shall extend to any officers, director, member, agent or employee of NAVY ENTITIES.

This Agreement is hereby modified to add the following section:
ARTICLE 28: ANTI-BRIBERY LAWS COMPLIANCE

28.1 Anti-Bribery. NAVY ENTITIES is aware of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery
Act, and other applicable anti-bribery Laws, and understands that USAA is committed to strict compliance
with these Laws. NAVY ENTITIES therefore makes the following representations, warranties and covenants
in connection with this Agreement:

(A) Familiarity and Compliance with Anti-Bribery Laws. NAVY ENTITIES is
familiar with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the ?FCPA?), U.K. Bribery Act, Bank Bribery Act as
well as any anti-bribery related Laws of any foreign or U.S. federal, state, or local government in which
NAVY ENTITIES is chartered, incorporated, licensed, resides or operates its business in the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement (collectively, the ?Anti-Bribery Laws?); that is now in compliance with
the Anti-Bribery Laws, and will remain in compliance with such laws;

(B) No Improper Payments. That it will not, directly or indirectly, authorize offer,
promise, or make payments of anything of value, including but not limited to cash, checks, wire transfers,
tangible and intangible gifts (including charitable contributions, political or charitable contributions), favors,
services, and those entertainment and travel expenses that go beyond what is reasonable and customary and
modest of value to a Government Official or other person, while knowing or having a reasonable belief that
all or some portion of the actual or promised provision of value will be used for the purpose of obtaining,
retaining, or directing business including: (a) influencing any act, decision or failure to act by a Government
Official in his or her official capacity, (b) inducing any Government Official to use his or her influence with
a government or instrumentality to affect any act or decision of such government or entity, (c) if such person?s
acceptance of such payment or benefit would itself constitute a violation of such person?s duties or
responsibilities, or (d) securing an improper advantage. NAVY ENTITIES further represents and warrants
that no part of payments it receives from USAA will be used for any purpose that could constitute a violation
of any applicable Laws, including the Laws of the U.S., the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or Anti-Bribery
Laws.

(C) Subsequently Identified Anti-Bribery Concerns. NAVY ENTITIES agrees that
should it learn or have reason to know of any payment or transfer (or any offer or promise to pay or transfer)
that would violate the FCPA, other Laws of the United States, Anti-Bribery Laws, or the Laws of the
countries in which this Agreement is made or applies, it shall immediately disclose it to USAA. The Parties
will meet promptly, as appropriate, in light of a potential Anti-Bribery concern being identified, discovered,
or disclosed. If, after consultation by all Parties to the Agreement, such Anti-Bribery concern cannot be
resolved in the good faith and reasonable judgement of USAA, then USAA, on written notice to the NAVY
ENTITIES, may withdraw from or terminate this agreement.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL

Confidential
