USAA? USAA ADDENDUM CONTROL NUMBER: 1027361000-04

6.3 Applications and Underwriting. USAA will provide the capabilities necessary to establish
product or service relationships with individual Members. USAA shall have the exclusive right to
determine whether to establish or not establish a product or service with any individual and shall be solely
responsible for determining any and all requirements and criteria for establishing such product or service.
AOG acknowledges that USAA products and services are subject to certain eligibility restrictions and that
some of AOG?s Members may or may not be eligible for all products and services of USAA, and that
products or services offered to individuals within certain eligibility classifications may have different rates,
benefits, or features than products or services established with individuals who meet eligibility criteria.

6.4 Account Management. USAA shall provide all services related to products or services
established with Product Holders under this program and shall have the exclusive right to make any and all
account-related decisions, including but not limited to (a) assigning or determining credit limits, cash
advance limits or other limits related to each product or service; (b) issuing or re-issuing products or
services, (c) authorizing or declining transactions; (d) settling transactions and billing Product Holders; (e)
receiving and processing payments from Product Holders; (f) providing customer service on products or
services; (g) handling Product Holder disputes related to the products or services or resulting transactions;
(h) terminating, blocking or suspending charge privileges on a product or service; (i) closing a product or
service; (j) handling fraud claims; (k) record retention; and (1) any other functions related to products or
services, USAA may subcontract such services to a third party, provided that any such subcontracting shall
not relieve USAA of its duties or obligations under the Agreement or this Addendum. USAA shall
underwrite, establish, maintain, and service all products or services in accordance with USAA?s
underwriting, credit, and eligibility criteria, policies, and procedures and any relevant agreements with
individual Product Holders, as the same may be amended from time to time at USAA?s sole discretion, but
at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. AOG acknowledges and agrees that
USAA shall have sole ownership and accountability for rights, assets, benefits, duties, and obligations with
individual Product Holders and that AOG shall not have any rights or obligations whatsoever in relation to
the product or service relationship between USAA and a Product Holder. AOG shall refer all inquiries and
incoming correspondence from Product Holders to USAA.

ARTICLE 7; TERM

7.1. Term. This Addendum shall commence on the Effective Date and expire upon the end of the Initial
Term or the Extended Term, unless terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

7.2. Termination Obligations. Upon the termination or expiration of this Addendum:

7.2.1. AOG acknowledges and agrees that AOG shall continue to own the right, title and
interest in and to all accounts established by AOG for Members as a result of this Addendum; and

7.2.2. In the event AOG offers a co-branded account (e.g. credit or debit card), AOG shall:
(i) _ notify each accountholder that the AOG is no longer associated with AOG. Such
notice will be delivered in a format and manner consistent with industry practice in
use at the time of the notice; and

(ii) within one hundred-eighty (180) days of the termination of the Addendum,

(iii) | AOG will discontinue use of AOG?s Marks or Content in any marketing materials
related to the Program; and

(iv) | USAA will cease to use AOG?s Marks or Content on any AOG Authorized
Materials; and

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 6
