USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: GOOOOCOZEE

ARTICLE 6: TERMINATION AND RELATED TRANSITION ASSISTANCE
6.1 Mutual Termination Rights. Either Party may terminate any Addendum:

6.1.1 immediately for failure of the other Party to comply with, or for unsatisfactory performance
of, the terms of such Addendum and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after written
notice of such breach is provided to such other Party; provided however, that if the nature of the
breach is such that it cannot be reasonably cured within said thirty (30) day period then the cure
period will be extended for such additional period of time as is reasonably necessary up to cure such
breach, not to exceed an additional 60 days if: (i) the defaulting party is making all reasonable efforts
to promptly cure the breach; (ii) and provides notice of the need for the extension within the initial
thirty (30) day cure period; or

6.1.2 immediately in the event the other Party seeks the protection of any bankruptcy court,
becomes insolvent, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or

6.1.3 immediately if the other Party is in violation of Article 11 (assignments or change in control.)

6.2 USAA Termination Rights. USAA may terminate this Agreement or any Addendum without regard to
breach or default upon one hundred-eighty (180) days written notice from USAA.

6.3 Survival. The obligations relating to Articles 7 (confidential information), 9 (representations and
warranties), 10 (defense, indemnity, and insurance), 14 (publicity) and 24 (officers and directors) will survive
any expiration or termination of this Agreement or any Addendum hereto.

64 Effect of Termination or Expiration. Following termination or expiration of this Agreement or any
Addendum, USAA may, in its sole discretion, target communications (electronic, print or otherwise) directly to
Members, who are also USAA customers, regarding the fact that this Agreement or Addendum has been
terminated. USAA shall not disparage WPAOG or its products and services in any communications; nor shall
WPAOG disparage USAA, its Affiliates, or their products and services in any communications.

ARTICLE 7: CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

7.1 Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall mean all documents, materials, data and
information, in whatever form received, created or gathered, including, but not limited to, verbal, written,
magnetic, electronically recorded, tangible or intangible, which have or will come into the possession of a Party
hereto relating to and furnished by the other Party, its representatives or the Members in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, which are proprietary or confidential in nature, including,
but not limited to, the following: financial information; terms and conditions of this Agreement; business plans;
technology; unique marketing philosophies and objectives, and activity reports. Confidential Information shall
not include information that:

7.1.1 at the time it is disclosed, is already in the rightful possession of the receiving Party or
available to the receiving Party, or its officers, directors, employees or Affiliates, from any other
source having no obligation not to disclose it; or

7.1.2. is, or any time thereafter, becomes available to the general public other than as a result of
disclosure by the receiving Party; or

7.1.3 after it is disclosed, is at any time obtained by the receiving Party from any other Person
having no obligation not to disclose it; or

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 3 of 14

