USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1027325000-001

foregoing resolution procedure, an arbitration proceeding may be filed to avoid the expiration of a statute of
limitation applicable to a particular claim pending resolution in the manner and order required by this Article 18.

18.2 Mediation.

18.2.1 A Party shall submit a Dispute to mediation by written notice to the other Party or Parties. The
mediator shall be selected by the Parties. Any mediator must be acceptable to all Parties. If the Parties
cannot agree on a mediator, a mediator shall be designated by the American Arbitration Association
(?AAA?) at the request of a Party. The Mediation Rules of the AAA shall be used at the mediation.
The mediation shall take place in San Antonio, Bexar County, Texas if AOG submits the Dispute to
mediation and in Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado if USAA submits the Dispute to
mediation, unless USAA and AOG otherwise agree.

18.2.2 The mediator shall conduct the mediation as he/she determines, with the agreement of the
Parties. The Parties shall discuss their differences in good faith and attempt, with the mediator?s
assistance, to reach an amicable resolution of the Dispute. The mediation shall be treated as a settlement
discussion and shall therefore be confidential. The mediator may not testify for either Party in any later
proceeding relating to the dispute. The mediation proceedings shall not be recorded or tanscribed.

18.2.3 Each Party shall bear its own costs in the mediation. The Parties shall share equally the fees and
expenses of the mediator.

18.2.4 Ifthe Parties have not resolved a Dispute within thirty (30) days after written notice beginning
mediation (or a longer period, if the Parties agree to extend the mediation), the mediation shall terminate
and the Dispute shall be settled by arbitration, In addition, if a Party initiates litigation, arbitration, or
other binding dispute resolution process without initiating mediation, or before the mediation process
has terminated, an opposing Party may deem the mediation requirement to have been waived and may
proceed with arbitration,

18.3. Arbitration.

18.3.1. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the procedures in this document and the
AAA Rules for Arbitration (?Rules?) as in effect on the date of the Agreement, or such other rules and
procedures as the Parties may agree. In the event of a conflict, the provisions of this document will
control. The mediation shall take place in San Antonio, Bexar County, Texas if AOG submits the
Dispute to arbitration and in Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado if USAA submits the Dispute
to arbitration.

18.3.2 The arbitration will be conducted before a panel of three arbitrators, two of whom are to be
designated by the Parties from the AAA. Any issue concerning the extent to which any dispute is
subject to arbitration, or concerning the applicability, interpretation, or enforceability of any of these
procedures, shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and resolved by the arbitrators, No
potential arbitrator may be appointed unless he or she has agreed in writing to these procedures. The
arbitration panel shall have no power to award non-monetary or equitable relief of any sort or to make
an award or impose a remedy that (i) is inconsistent with the agreement to which these procedures are
attached or any other agreement relevant to the dispute, or (ii) could not be made or imposed by a
court deciding the matter in the same jurisdiction.

18.3.3 Nothing in this Article 18 shall prohibit or otherwise limit a Party?s right to initiate litigation
to enforce the Arbitration Panel?s award as described herein, to obtain injunctive relief as permitted
under the terms of this agreement and at law or in equity (including enforcement of any equitable
remedies to preserve confidentiality or intellectual property rights), or preserve a superior position
with respect to other creditors.

18.3.4 Discovery shall be permitted in connection with the arbitration in accordance with the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator(s) must give effect to legal privileges including the
attorney-client privilege and the work-product immunity.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 9 of 16
