USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 1027325000-001

EXHIBIT A
ELECTRONIC FUNDS
TRANSFER PROCEDURES

USAA may initiate Entries (hereinafter defined) to AOG?s account specified on the attached
EFT Implementation Form (?Account?) in payment of obligations owed by USAA to AOG on
the terms set forth below. "Entries? mean, an instruction sent by USAA to its originating bank
to pay or to cause another bank to pay an unconditioned specified amount of money to AOG.
AOG hereby authorizes USAA to initiate Entries for obligations owing to AOG from time to
time. The financial institution specified on the EFT Implementation Form attached hereto as
Schedule "1.1" is hereby authorized to credit and, if USAA notifies AOG in advance and
AOG gives its consent, to debit adjustments to such Entries to the Account.

Compliance with Rules. AOG and USAA agree to comply with and be bound by the National
Automated Clearing House Rules in effect from time to time.

AOG?s Account. The Account is the deposit account maintained by AOG and specified in the
attached EFT Implementation Form. If AOG is a natural person, AOG represents to USAA
that the Account is, and during the term of this Agreement, will be maintained primarily for
business, and not for personal, family, or household purposes. Any changes in the AOG?S
deposit account should be communicated to USAA by completing a new EFT Implementation
Form. Changes should be sent by facsimile to USAA Accounts Payable at 866-699-0911.

USAA will normally be able to initiate Entries to the new account within thirty (30) days of
receipt of notification.

Failure or Delay of Payment. USAA shall not be deemed to default of any applicable
contractual relationship between the parties giving rise to an obligation of USAA to pay AOG
(the ?Business Agreement?) or suffer any loss of discount or other penalty by reason of any
delay in receipt by AOG?S financial institution, the non-receipt by such institution of any
Entry initiated by USAA or failure or delay by the funds transfer system. However, any such
failure, delay, or non-receipt does not extinguish USAA?s obligation to pay the AOG under
the terms of the Business Agreement as soon as practicable after the failure, delay or non-
receipt is discovered.

No Default. USAA shall not be deemed to be in default of the Business Agreement if any
other means of payment (e.g. paper check or wire transfer) shall be made by USAA in
accordance with the terms of the Business Agreement.

Remittance Information. For each Entry initiated, USAA shall communicate the information
related to the payment (?Remittance Information?) as specified in the attached EFT
Implementation Form. AOG acknowledges that its receipt of Remittance Information, if
communicated separately from the payment to which the Remittance Information relates, will
not constitute a warranty by USAA that the funds transfer has been initiated or that any
resulting payment order will be accepted by AOG?S financial institution on any date specified
in the Remittance Information.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL
Page 12 of I6

