DocuSign Envelope ID: 6D11D85E-1B43-42C0-8BDD-42CB1AE73B56

23 Member List. CCA shall provide USAA with an updated Member List at least four (4) times per year. The
Member List will be accessed for various marketing purposes, including but not limited to marketing mix optimization,
data analytics, and comparison against other lists to reduce duplicate marketing messages delivered to an individual.
CCA shall use its best efforts to provide as complete a list as possible of all Members. All Member Lists shall be
provided to USAA by CCA at no additional cost to USAA.

ARTICLE 3: PROGRAM MARKETING

Marketing Benefits. In consideration of the Marketing Access Fee, CCA shall provide, at a minimum, the
following Marketing Benefits:

3.1 Direct Marketing. Upon request by USAA, CCA shall provide the Member List (excluding those who have
opted out of receiving commercial messages) and grant use of CCA?s Marks up to six (6) times annually for direct
mail and up to six (6) times annually for email, which may include up to ten (10) message versions within each use,
for the purpose of marketing Covered Products of USAA and its Affiliates. Additional segmented marketing pieces
to selected groups may be considered for approval by CCA; these will number up to four (4) messages per year. Direct
mail or email will originate from USAA, not CCA. Some of the direct mail marketing pieces may include a signature
from CCA?s President and CEO to signify endorsement.

3.2 Social and Interactive Media. CCA will provide USAA with access to its social media channels for the
purpose of creating new messaging for CCA members on a schedule agreed between the Parties as to timing and
frequency, and will also promote, repost, or amplify USAA content at USAA?s request. USAA will have access to the
full range of CCA?s social media channels, but the placement of each message within a particular channel will be
subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties and according to USAA?s social media strategic priorities.

3.3 Third Party Marketing Channels. USAA may, at its own expense, utilize third party marketing channels,
including but not limited to targeted digital, paid search, paid social, and out-of-home to deliver advertisements to
Members. Creative will be approved as set forth herein, and placement or distribution of ads will be executed
according to USAA?s marketing and media strategies and any predetermined criteria for ad delivery.

3.4 Print Assets. To the extent that CCA publishes a magazine or newsletter, CCA shall give USAA regular
access to its print channels to include advertisements promoting the products and services of USAA. This access shall
also include any electronic versions of CCA?s communications, including e-newsletters.

3.5 Websites. CCA shall provide USAA prominent placement on its digital properties, including but not limited
to homepage, rotating banners, static banners, corporate sponsor pages, and supporting program pages. Placement
may include USAA logo and /or textual reference, and links to usaa.com and supporting product pages.

3.6 Events. CCA shall provide USAA access and recognition at CCA?s events, the timing and frequency of
which will be coordinated by the Parties. USAA will be recognized at the highest level of corporate sponsorship and
will receive all benefits commensurate with the level of sponsorship.

3.7 Class Gift Sponsorship. A portion of the Marketing Access Fee will be used each year by CCA for the
purpose of a USAA-branded class gift for students in the Corps of Cadets. CCA will determine the best item for the
students? needs and incorporate recognition of USAA?s contribution.

3.8 New Member Packets and Annual Membership Renewal Letters. At USAA?s option, CCA will include
a buck slip or other USAA content in New Member Packets, Annual Membership Renewal Letters, or other
communications which may occur from time to time.

3.9 Other Marketing Channels or Opportunities. USAA will have access to additional CCA channels or
opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program as may be approved by CCA. CCA will use reasonable

efforts to approve use of additional channels or opportunities for the purpose of promoting the Program.

ARTICLE 4: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Confidential
