_

)
Ml

Cc
n
5,

USAA CONTRACT CONTROL NUMBER: 0000000372-03
"Term" means any Initial Term or any Extended Term, as further set forth in the Agreement.

ARTICLE 1: SCOPE OF ENDORSEMENT

11 Scope. WPAOG agrees to exclusively endorse the list of USAA products in Exhibit A (?Covered
Products?) to Members and AAA Members and to license its Marks and the Academy Marks as defined in the
Agreement to USAA for various marketing and product purposes, including the ability for USAA to incorporate
WPAOG?s or AAA?s emblem in or with products or services offered by USAA to Members and AAA Members,
including but not limited to credit and payment cards.

1.2 References to USAA. For purposes of this Addendum #1 all references to USAA shall be understood to
mean USAA or its Affiliates.

1.3 Exclusive Endorsement. WPAOG shall not, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly:
(i) sponsor, endorse, offer, advertise, aid, or market the products and services of any third party that competes with
the Covered Products; (ii) license or allow others to license the WPAOG Marks (as defined in the Agreement) in
relation to or for promoting any products and services that compete with the Covered Products; or (iii) sell, rent, or
otherwise make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its Member (as defined in
the Agreement) lists or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any
Covered Products of any entity other USAA.

ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION

2.1 Marketing Access Fee. USAA shall pay WPAOG a fee of three hundred fifty thousand dollars
($350,000.00) on or about each date set forth in the attached Exhibit B, Payment Schedule (?Marketing Access
Fee?).

2.2 Changes. In the event the scope of WPAOG?s endorsement or marketing channels change materially from
that as of the Effective Date of this Addendum #1, then the Parties will evaluate the impact to the overall
relationship and may negotiate an equitable adjustment to the Marketing Access Fee.

2.3 Member List. WPAOG shall provide USAA with an updated Member List at least four (4) times per year.
The Member List will be accessed for various marketing purposes, including but not limited to marketing mix
optimization, data analytics, and comparison against other lists to reduce duplicate marketing messages delivered to
an individual. WPAOG shall use its best efforts to provide as complete a list as possible of all Members and AAA
Members, which shall consist of a minimum of one hundred thousand (100,000) aggregate unique marketable
Members. All Member Lists shall be provided to USAA by WPAOG at no additional cost to USAA. In the event
the Member List provided by WPAOG to USAA shall fall below one hundred thousand (100,000), all remaining
payments described in Section 2.1 shall be calculated by multiplying the amount of the Marketing Access Fee by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of names delivered and the denominator of which is one
hundred thousand (100,000).

ARTICLE 3: PROGRAM MARKETING

Marketing Benefits. In consideration of the Marketing Access Fee, WPAOG shall provide, at a minimum, the
following Marketing Benefits:

3.1 Direct Marketing. Upon request by USAA, WPAOG shall provide a complete list of contact information
from WPAOG constituent database (excluding those who have opted out of receiving commercial messages) and
grant use of WPAOG Marks up to five (5) times annually for direct mail and up to eight (8) times annually for
email, which may include up to ten (10) message versions within each use, for the purpose of marketing Covered
Products of USAA and its Affiliates. Additional segmented marketing pieces to selected groups may be considered
for approval by WPAOG; these will number up to four (4) messages per year.

3.1.1 Direct mail or email will originate from USAA, not WPAOG.

USAA CONFIDENTIAL Page 3
Confidential
