DocuSign Envelope ID: 6D11D85E-1B43-42C0-8BDD-42CB1AE73B56

?Product? means an account opened by an individual pursuant to the processes for establishing any product or service
by USAA and its Affiliates.

?Product Holder? means an individual in whose name a product or service of USAA and its Affiliates is
established, including a joint accountholder or guarantor or authorized user thereof.

?Program? means the affinity marketing program between USAA and CCA offered pursuant to this Addendum.

?Program Materials? means any marketing material, application forms, solicitation materials, telemarketing scripts,
or other materials related to the Program.

?Quarter? means each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.

?Relevant Authority? means any agency or other governmental authority having authority to regulate USAA and its
Affiliates.

"Term" means any Initial Term or any Extended Term, as further set forth in the Agreement.
ARTICLE 1: SCOPE OF ENDORSEMENT

1.1 Scope. CCA agrees to endorse the products and services of USAA and its Affiliates, as set forth in the
attached Exhibit A (?Covered Products?), to Members and to license its Marks as defined in the Agreement to USAA
and its Affiliates for various marketing and product purposes, including the ability for USAA to incorporate CCA?s
Marks in or with products or services offered by USAA and its Affiliates to Members, including but not limited to
credit and payment cards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither party is relieved of any indemnity obligations it may
have under the MSA. USAA acknowledges that one or more of the CCA Marks may be obtained by license and
USAA?s ability to use such Marks in or with products or services is dependent upon CCA?s ability to sublicense these
Marks; CCA agrees to give USAA reasonable advance notice in the event of a change to the CCA Marks and the
Parties will agree on the Marks to use in the alternative.

1.2 References to USAA. For purposes of this Addendum, all references to USAA shall be understood to
mean USAA or its Affiliates. CCA will refer to USAA as the Exclusive Provider of Financial Services, at the
highest level of recognition for corporate sponsors.

13 Exclusive Endorsement. CCA shall not, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly: (i)
sponsor, endorse, offer, advertise, aid, or market the products or services of any third party which compete with the
Covered Products; (ii) license or allow others to license the CCA Marks (as defined in the Agreement) in relation to
or for promoting any third party products which compete with the Covered Products; or (iii) sell, rent, or otherwise
make available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its Member (as defined in the
Agreement) lists or information about any current or potential Members in relation to or for promoting any products
or services which compete with the Covered Products. If CCA desires to exclusively endorse, offer, or advertise any
financial products and/or services product other than the Covered Products, CCA shall give USAA right of first refusal
to offer such products or services on an exclusive basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CCA may accept Qualified
Sponsorship Payments within the meaning of Section 513i of the Internal Revenue Code from any entity.

ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION

21 Marketing Access Fee. USAA shall pay CCA an annual fee of ninety thousand dollars ($90,000.00) on or
about each October 1 throughout the Term (?Marketing Access Fee?).

2.2 Changes. In the event the scope of CCA?s endorsement or marketing channels change materially from that

as of the Effective Date of this Addendum, then the Parties will evaluate the impact to the overall relationship and
may negotiate an equitable adjustment to the Marketing Access Fee.

Confidential
