(m) The Group may include statement messages and other messages or materials
in, or along with, SFCU?s Program billing statements; such materials to be developed by
Group at their expense. Inclusion or insertion in SFCU?s billing statements is subject to the
prior approval of SFCU, including the scope, timing and content of such materials, and
SFCU?s size, scheduling and weight requirements. Such materials will only include
promotions related to the Group programs or Stanford University, but shall not include any
promotions of any other third party products and/or services, including, for example,
promotion of insurance, rental cars, and/or other financial products and services. The Group
agrees to indemnify and hold SFCU harmless from and against any and all claims, causes of
action, losses, costs or damages incurred or suffered by SFCU (including reasonable
attorneys? fees) arising from statement messages or materials sent with billing statements at
the Group?s request, including without limitation the content thereof, or from the products and
services offered therein.

(n) Upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, SAA shall inform SAA members
of the conversion from the Bank of America partnership to the SFCU partnership provided
that SFCU has preapproved the communication in writing.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF SFCU

(a) SFCU shall design, develop and administer the Program for Stanford
University alumni and Stanford University athletics supporters.

(b) Subject to the approvals required by Section 2(g and j), SFCU shall design all
advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with regard to the Program except as
otherwise provided herein. SFCU reserves the right of prior written approval of all
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or related to the Program, which may be
developed by or on behalf of SAA or DAPER; which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed and further provided that such approval or rejection shall be provided
within ten (10) University Business Days.

(c) SFCU shall bear all costs of producing and mailing marketing materials for the
Program. Additionally, as provided above, SFCU will pay directly for its advertisements in
the STANFORD magazine at the preferred partner rate, except as may otherwise be mutually
agreed.

(d) SFCU shall make all credit decisions regarding applicants for loans or credit
under the Program and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer?s account(s).

(e) SFCU shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement
consistent with this Agreement and shall not permit those entities handling the Mailing Lists
to use them for any other purpose. Specifically, SFCU agrees that neither it nor its Affiliates,
employees, or agents will use the Mailing Lists for any purpose not specifically authorized
herein, or approved in advance and in writing by SAA or DAPER, as applicable. SFCU shall
have the sole right to designate accounts on the Mailing Lists to whom promotional material
will not be sent. The Mailing Lists are and shall remain the sole property of SAA and

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 9
