LICENSING AND SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

This Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement (this ?Agreement??) is entered into as of this Ist
day of March 2016, by and between Stanford Federal Credit Union (?SFCU?) on the one
hand, and Stanford University (as defined below) on the other hand, through the Stanford
Alumni Association, an unincorporated division of Stanford University (?SAA?), and through
the Stanford Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation, a department of
Stanford University (?DAPER,?) and together with SAA, referred to herein as the Group
(?Group?) both having their principal place of business in Stanford, California.

The parties agree to the following:
1. DEFINITIONS

When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases
will have the meanings ascribed to them as set forth below:

?Agreement? has the meaning ascribed to such word in the preamble.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or organization
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such entity or
organization. The term ?controlling,? ?controlled by? and ?under common control with?
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

?Affinity Card? means a credit or debit card program that allows an organization to offer its
members and supporters ?those who have an "affinity" for that organization ?a credit or
debit card branded with the organization?s brand and imagery.

?Agents? has the meaning ascribed to such word in Section 7 of this Agreement.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local statutes,
regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations,
agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules of any applicable self-regulatory
organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of VISA,
MasterCard, American Express or other card network and (iv) judicial or administrative
interpretations of any of the foregoing. For the sake of clarity, this definition shall include, as
applicable, regulations, interpretive opinions, and/or guidance implemented by the Federal
Reserve and/or the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau intended to prohibit unfair or
deceptive practices by SFCU in connection with credit card accounts and (2) regulations,
interpretive opinions, and/or guidance issued by HUD and/or the CFPB intended to protect
consumers of settlement services and eliminate kickbacks and referral fees in connection with
settlement services including but not limited to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
(?RESPA?).
