(c) Further, Group may accept advertising from financial institutions and credit
card issuers for the STANFORD Magazine in all formats of the Magazine (e.g., print, digital);
provided, however, that such advertising does not contain an express or implied endorsement
by SAA and/or DAPER of any Credit or Debit Card Products, or any Mortgage Loan or Auto
Loan Products, (other than Products offered by SFCU). Further, for the sake of clarity,
DAPER may also accept advertising from financial institutions or credit card issuers that
generally promotes the company.

(d) SFCU additionally acknowledges that SAA and/or DAPER may use certain
Credit Card Products of other financial institutions or credit card issuers where SAA or
DAPER is the obligor and the purpose of which is financing the business operations of SAA
and/or DAPER and this shall not be deemed precluded by the exclusivity commitments
described above.

(e) The Group agrees to provide SFCU with such information and assistance as
may be reasonably requested by SFCU in connection with the Program.

(f) As provided herein, the Group authorizes SFCU to solicit SAA and DAPER
accounts by mail, direct promotion, Internet, advertisements, SFCU branches or any other
means mutually agreed to for participation in the Program. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
SFCU shall not directly and intentionally market to Students by mail or direct promotion for
participation in the lending products included in the Program during the Term and will use
best efforts to design Program marketing materials that convey that the Program is intended
for Stanford University alumni and non-Student Stanford University athletics supporters. In
addition, notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2(f) to the contrary, SFCU shall
not be deemed in breach of this Section 2(f) for soliciting any individual from any Mailing
List who is a Student for participation in the Program, or from inadvertently soliciting a
Student who applies for an Affinity Credit Card or Debit Card Product, or Auto Loan or
Mortgage Loan Product. Additionally, nothing herein shall be interpreted to preclude SFCU
from soliciting Students for any other SFCU product or service; provided such solicitation is
outside of the Program and this Agreement (e.g., such solicitation occurs because SFCU
happens to have a Student name and address pursuant to any other SFCU marketing program,
or a Student requests non-affinity SFCU products or services from the SFCU directly).

(g) SFCU shall obtain Group?s prior written (email) approval of the, scope,
quantity, marketing channels, venue and content of all Program advertising and solicitation
materials relating to the Program according to the DAPER Style Guide, the SAA Style Guide
and the University?s trademark guidelines, Administrative Guide 1.5.4, including the
advertising and solicitation materials contemplated by Section 2(k), to be used by SFCU
which contain an SAA Trademark. SFCU shall obtain DAPER?s prior written (email)
approval of all Program advertising and solicitation materials relating to the Program,
including the advertising and solicitation materials contemplated by Section 2(k), to be used
by SFCU which contain a DAPER Trademark. In each case, such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. SAA and DAPER will respond in writing
(email) no later than ten (10) University Business Days.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 5
