issue card plastics not bearing any Trademark as replacements for all outstanding and
prospective Program card plastics which bear a Trademark at no cost to Group.

(g) | SFCU understands and acknowledges that the Mailing List and Trademarks are
the property of Stanford University. Any and all right in and to the Mailing List and
Trademarks not herein specifically granted to SFCU are reserved to Stanford University,
subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Sections | 1(e)
and 11(f), immediately upon the termination of this Agreement, all rights granted by the
Group to SFCU in and to the use of the Mailing List and Trademarks shall cease, and all such
rights shall revert to Stanford University. From and after the termination of this Agreement,
SFCU shall have no further right to market any product using the Mailing List or any
Trademark, or to further utilize any promotional materials containing any Trademark.

12. INDEMNITY

Each party (?Indemnitor?) agrees to indemnify the other party, and their respective officers,
agents and employees (?Indemnitee??) from and for any liability, loss, expense, claim, or
reasonable attorneys? fees or charges, arising out of Indemnitor?s breach of this Agreement,
Indemnitor?s negligence, gross and willful misconduct, or Indemnitor?s material failure to
comply with Applicable Law applicable to it in the marketing and administration of the
Program.

13. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

(b) The obligations in this Section 13, Sections 3(e), 4(b), 4 (c), 7,9, 11(e), 11(f)
and 12 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not
be deemed a waiver of such right or any other rights.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be
construed as part of this Agreement.

(e) If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and
be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been contained herein.

(f) All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given (i) upon receipt by hand delivery, facsimile or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3)
University Business Days after mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested. All notices shall be addressed as follows:

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 16
