(h) The Board of Trustees of Stanford University, through SAA and DAPER,
hereby grants SFCU and its Affiliates a non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, non-exclusive
right to use the Mailing List solely in conjunction with the Program, including the promotion
thereof. Within fifteen (15) University Business Days following the end of each calendar
quarter during the Term of this Agreement, SAA and/or DAPER, will provide SFCU with the
current and updated Mailing Lists free of any charge. SAA and/or DAPER will use reasonable
efforts not to include in any Mailing List the name and/or related information regarding any
Student or any Stanford University alumnus or Stanford University athletics supporter who
has expressly requested that SAA and/or DAPER, as the case may be, not provide his/her
personal information to third parties. SAA will provide the first SAA Mailing List, containing
the most current and updated required information for at least one hundred twenty-five
thousand (125,000) non-duplicate Alumni Account names as soon as possible, but no later
than thirty (30) days after the Group?s execution of this Agreement. DAPER will provide the
first DAPER Mailing List, containing the most current and updated required information for
at least eighty thousand (80,000) non-duplicate DAPER Account names. Group shall deliver
Mailing Lists containing a minimum of those quantities specified herein or otherwise agreed
upon by the parties.

(i) The Group shall only disseminate information globally to Stanford University
alumni and Stanford University athletics supporters about the Program with SFCU?s prior
written (email) approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld and further provided that
such approval or rejection shall be provided within ten (10) University Business Days, except
for current advertising and solicitation materials provided by SFCU to Group or previous
advertising and solicitation materials that have been previously approved by SFCU.
Notwithstanding the above, Group may respond to individual inquiries about the Program
from its accounts on an individual basis, provided that said responses are accurate and
consistent with the then-current materials provided by SFCU to Group. Any correspondence
received by the Group that is intended for SFCU (e.g., applications, payments, billing
inquiries, etc.) shall be forwarded to the SFCU account executive within five (5) University
Business Days of receipt by scan or email and in the case of payments, within five (5)
University Business Days of receipt by overnight delivery service.

Gj) Subject to the approval procedures described in Section 2(g), Stanford
University, through SAA and DAPER, hereby grants SFCU and its Affiliates a non-
transferable, non-sublicenseable, non-exclusive right to use the SAA and DAPER Trademarks
solely in conjunction with the Program (and for no other purpose), including the promotion
thereof. (For the avoidance of doubt, no other Stanford University trademarks other than
those listed in Schedule B are being licensed under this Agreement and no limitations on how
Stanford licenses other trademarks are being entered into in this Agreement. This license
shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the Trademarks,
notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization or individual. Except as prohibited by Section
2(a), nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits the University from granting to other persons
a license to use any other mark (including the Trademarks) in conjunction with the providing
of a service or product. The Group will provide SFCU all Trademark production materials

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 6
