8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

The Initial Term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date. Unless renewed by
written agreement executed no later than November 30, 2025, it will end on February 28,
2026.

9. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of California
(without regard to its conflict of laws principles) and shall be deemed for all purposes to be
made and fully performed in California. The foregoing shall not be construed as limiting or
establishing the choice of forum available to either party in the case of any litigation arising
out of this Agreement.

10. ANNUAL MEETING

(a) The Group and SFCU agree to meet (in person or by telephone) at least once
per quarter per Contract Year to discuss the Program, including for example, review of the
next Contract Year?s annual marketing plan, specific marketing materials concerning or
relating to the promotion of the Program, and the overall progress made regarding the
customer satisfaction goals.

(b) SFCU and Group shall agree on the details of the annual marketing plans,
which shall in all cases, reflect at a minimum, all marketing accesses provided by Group as
described above in this Agreement in Section 2 (1). Such details shall include the timing,
scope, quantity, venue, marketing channel and content of campaigns and promotions. All
Program sponsorship identification and advertising materials bearing the Trademarks shall be
subject to the terms in Section 2(g).

(c) SFCU, SAA and DAPER shall each designate a representative to serve as the
partnership liaison and act as the primary contact between the parties (?Partnership Liaison?).
The Partnership Liaisons shall meet regularly to discuss the Program.

11. TERMINATION

(a) In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by SFCU, on the one
hand and the Group or Stanford University, on the other, the aggrieved party may terminate
this Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching party. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, a breach of Section 2(g) shall be deemed a material breach of
this Agreement. This notice shall (i) describe the material breach; and (ii) state the party?s
intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or substantially
cure such breach within sixty (60) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein (the ?Cure
Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate sixty (60) days after the commencement of the
Cure Period.

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 14
