changes to SFCU products. For the sake of clarity, this notification requirement does not
apply to periodic changes to loan rates or terms. To the extent that one or more product
changes represents a substantial and material alteration of the products offered, then the Group
may terminate this Agreement under section 11(a).

7. CONFIDENTIALITY

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the
date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other
person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in

writing. The parties agree to implement, utilize, and maintain best industry standards to
secure and protect the Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification,
or disclosure. The parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of and safekeep and protect the
other party?s Information in accordance with all relevant state and federal laws, regulations,
tules and guidelines, including but not limited to, the California Financial Information Privacy
Act (California Financial Code Sections 4050-4060), the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of
1999, the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, all applicable regulations related thereto and the
requirements imposed upon ?service providers? pursuant to the National Credit Union
Administration?s Guidelines For Safekeeping of Member Information (12 CFR 748). SFCU
and the Group shall be permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants,
consultants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees (?Agents?) only to the
extent necessary for the performance of their respective duties in connection with the
Program, or (ii) as required by law or requested by any governmental regulatory authority. In
the event the SFCU or the Group, or any of their respective Agents, is ordered, by law, rule,
regulation, governmental agency or court of competent jurisdiction to disclose Information the
party will provide the other party with prompt notice of such orders, if such notice is allowed
under Applicable Law, and, if permitted by Applicable Law, reasonably cooperate with and
assist the other party, at the other party?s cost and expense, so that the other party may prevent
or limit the scope of any disclosure, or obtain confidential treatment for the Information.
SFCU and the Group each agree that if one of their Agents discloses such Information to
another person or entity in violation of this Section 7, or uses such Information for a purpose
not expressly permitted in this Section 7, such act shall be deemed a material breach of this
Agreement by the party whose Agent it is and the non-breaching party may, in addition to any
other right or remedy available at law or in equity and upon ten (10) University Business
Days? prior written notice to the other party, cease providing the other party with any
reporting or other information concerning the Program or the Agreement, whether or not a
requirement of the Agreement. A party that is aware of a misuse of Information or a breach of
the security of the Information must give the other party notice within two (2) University
Business Days of the concern. For the sake of clarity, except as provided in subsections (i)
and (ii) above, these obligations prohibit the SFCU and the Group and Stanford University,
and any permitted third party consultants (past or present) and/or Agents (past or present),
from disclosing any term of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the financial terms
to any third party (e.g. other colleges, universities, and/or related alumni associations).

SAA and SFCU Licensing and Sponsorship Agreement 13
