6.

(a)

(b)

The term of this Agreement will begin on the Agreement Effective Date of December 1, 2017
and will extend for ten years beyond the anticipated Live Date of May 1, 2018 to end on April
30, 2028 (the ?Initial Term?). This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial
Term or any renewal term for successive four (4)-year periods, unless either party gives written
notice of its intention not to renew at least one hundred and twenty (120) days, but not more
than one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the last date of such Term.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

USMF and UCU each represent and warrant to the other that as of the Effective Date and
throughout the term of this Agreement:

(i.) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing.

(ii.) It has the necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iii.) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party,
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization or other similar
laws affected by enforcement of creditor's rights generally and by general principles of
equity.

(iv.) Except as provided herein, no consent, approval or authorization from any third party is
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
except such as have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(v.) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party will not
constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or ruling applicable to such

party.

USMF represents and warrants to UCU that, as of the date hereof and throughout the term of
this Agreement, it has the right and power to exclusively license the Marks to UCU for use as
contemplated by this Agreement. USMF will hold UCU, its directors, officers, agents,
employees, affiliates, successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of
action and claims, and will reimburse UCU for costs incurred in connection therewith, arising
from the license granted herein or from UCU?s use of the Marks in reliance thereon. Each
party shall promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon learning of
any claims or complaints relating to such license, sublicense, or the use of any Marks.

USMF further represents and warrants to UCU that it will not include in any Mailing List any
information pertaining to any ?college student? as defined at 12 C.F.R. Part 1026.57(a)(2), and
will indemnify and hold UCU harmless from and against any damages, costs, expenses,
liabilities or other injury incurred by UCU as a result of any breach of this warranty.
