f)

8)

h

=

a)

b)

c)

qd)

e)

Products from Members on an individual basis, so long as such responses are accurate and not
misleading and are consistent with materials provided by UCU to USMF.

USMF hereby grants UCU a limited, exclusive license to use the Marks in conjunction with UCU?s
Financial Service Products, including the promotion thereof. Nothing stated in this Agreement
prohibits USMF from granting to other persons a license or sublicense to use the Marks in
conjunction with the providing of any other service or product, except for any Financial Service
Products.

During the Term as defined in Section 5 below, USMF shall provide UCU a prominent spot on the

sidebar or banner of the USM alumni web site homepage, which shall be constantly displayed.
The sidebar display shall provide links to UCU?s Financial Service Products and UCU?s home web

page.
During the Term, USMF shall provide UCU reasonable advertising space for its Financial Service
Products in mutually agreed upon USM alumni publications at no cost or expense to UCU.

USMF acknowledges that UCU shall own all Credit Card Accounts held by Members and that
USMF shall have no rights to the Credit Card Accounts or any proceeds or other interest in the
Credit Card Accounts held by Members.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UCU.

UCU shall design, develop, market and administer the Financial Service Products to be offered to
the Members in its sole discretion at its sole cost and expense.

UCU shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with regard to its
Financial Service Products. UCU must provide prior written approval for any advertising or
solicitation materials concerning or related to the Financial Service Products which may be
developed by or on behalf of USMF. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.

UCU shall make all underwriting determinations and credit decisions and shall bear all credit
risks with respect to its Financial Service Products.

UCU shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement consistent with this
Agreement and shall not permit any persons or entities, including any third party, handling the
Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose. UCU shall have the sole right to designate
which Members it will solicit for Financial Service Products. The Mailing Lists are and shall
remain the sole property of USMF. UCU may, however, separately maintain any and all
information which it obtains as a result of any Financial Service Product or application therefor
which UCU shall be entitled to use for any lawful purpose, except that UCU may not use this
information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by USMF other than as
contemplated in this Agreement.

UCU shall provide a link to USMF?s home web page from UCU?s website.
