John Purdue Club membership status, other Purdue affiliated organization membership status,
season ticket holder status for each sport, all sorted by categories agreeable to Purdue Federal.

"Member" means the individuals who are provided on the Mailing Lists.

"Royalties" means the compensation set forth in Section 4.

"Trademarks" means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade
dress, trade name, or trademark owned or acquired by PAA during the term of this Agreement
(the ?Purdue Alumni Association Trademarks?), together with those marks used or owned by
Purdue Athletics of Purdue University and/or Purdue University and licensed to PAA pursuant to

the license agreement attached as Exhibit A or otherwise (the ?Licensed Purdue Trademarks?).

2. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF PAA

(a) PAA agrees that during the term of this Agreement: (i) it will endorse the
Financial Service Products offered by Purdue Federal exclusively and will not sponsor, advertise,
aid, develop, or solicit any Financial Service Products of any organization other than Purdue
Federal; (ii) it will not license or allow others to license the PAA Trademarks in relation to or for
promoting any Financial Service Products of any entity other than Purdue Federal, (iii) it will not
sublicense the Licensed Purdue Trademarks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service
Products of any entity other than Purdue Federal; and (iv) it will not sell, rent or otherwise make
available or allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its information about
any current or potential members for the purpose of promoting the Financial Service Products of
any entity other than Purdue Federal. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, PAA may accept advertising from any financial institution, provided that the
advertisement does not contain an express or implied endorsement by PAA of said financial
institution or the advertised Financial Service Products, it being expressly understood that the
mere placement of such advertisements shall not be construed as an endorsement by PAA. In
addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, PAA shall be entitled to honor its existing contract with
AIA for insurance products provided, however, the scope of this contract may not be extended
without Purdue Federal?s prior written consent and PAA shall not sublicense the Licensed
Purdue Trademarks to AIA.

(b) PAA agrees to provide Purdue Federal with such information and assistance as
may be reasonably requested by Purdue Federal in connection with the promotion of the
Financial Service Products.

(c) PAA authorizes Purdue Federal to solicit the Members by mail, on-campus direct
marketing by Purdue Federal to the extent permitted by and at university locations previously
approved by Purdue University, advertisements and/or telephone for participation in the
Financial Service Products, all to the extent permitted by applicable law.

(d) PAA shall have the right to approve all proposed Purdue Federal advertising and
solicitation materials containing the Trademarks, which approval will not be unreasonably
withheld. PAA must provide its approval, or specific reasons for disapproval, within ten (10)
