7. CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT.

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary information provided
by or on behaif of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to the
execution of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such
Information will not be disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted
under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. UCU and UMAA shall be permitted to disclose
such Information (i) to their accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and employees as
necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that such persons agree to treat
the information as confidential in the above-described manner and (ii) as required by law or by any
governmental regulatory authority.

8. GOVERNING LAW; EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION; EXCLUSIVE VENUE.

This Agreement is entered into in Maine and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the substantive law (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Maine. Courts located in Penobscot

County, Maine shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction of any action arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement, and such courts shall be the sole and exclusive venue for any such action.

9. TERMINATION.

(a) Termination for Material Breach of Agreement. in the event of any material breach of this
Agreement by UCU or UMAA, the other party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice, as
provided herein, to the breaching party. This notice shall (i) describe the material breach, and (ii)
state the party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If the breaching party does not cure or
substantially cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice, as provided herein
(the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement shall terminate thirty (30) days after expiration of the
Cure Period.

S

Termination due to Insolvency. If either UCU or UMAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities
exceed its assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any
insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is
subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation, then the other party may immediately
terminate this Agreement.

S

) Termination of License upon Termination of Agreement. Upon the termination of this Agreement,
UCU shail, in the manner provided herein, cease to use the Marks. UCU agrees that it will not
claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Marks or to the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this
Agreement. UCU shall not be required to recall or reissue credit cards or any access devices,
checks or records bearing the Marks. UMAA shall not attempt to cause the removal of references
to or identification of UMAA or Marks from any person?s card, access device, checks or records
existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

s

Review of Termination Notice. Any notice in connection with, relating or referring to the
termination of this Agreement communicated by UMAA to the Members must be approved by
UCU in writing. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

=~
2

Remedies:

(i.) in the event of a default by either party, the other party may exercise any remedy
available at law or in equity. This paragraph shall survive termination and expiration of
this Agreement.

(ii.) Should any litigation be commenced between UMAA and UCU concerning this
Agreement, or the rights and duties of any party in relation thereto, the party prevailing in
such litigation shail be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted its
attorney fees and costs incurred in such litigation

Page 5 of 7
