(ii) The above remedies shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any other remedies
available at law or in equity

(iv.) Failure to exercise any option or remedy herein specified at the time of default shall not
operate as a waiver of the right to exercise that option or remedy for any continuing or
subsequent default.

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized
agents of both parties hereto.

(b) The obligations in Sections 6(b), 7, 9(c), 9(d), and 9(e) shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.

(c) The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver
of such right or any other rights.

(d) The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part
of this Agreement.

(e) If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or unenforceable by any
court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and be construed as if such invalid
or unenforceable part had not be contained herein.

(f) All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) upon
receipt by hand delivery or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after mailing by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices shall be
addressed as follows:

IF TO UMAA: University of Maine Alumni Association
Attn: Todd Saucier, Executive Director
One Alumni Place
PO Box 550
Orono, Maine 04473

IF TO UCU: University Credit Union
Attn: Matthew J. Walsh, President/CEO
139 Rangeley Road
Orono, Maine 04469

Any party may change the address to which communications are to be sent by giving notice, as
provided herein, of such change of address.

(g) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and supersedes ail prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with respect to the
matters covered herein. UCU may utilize services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations
under this Agreement.

(h) UCU and UMAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each other, and neither party
shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement.

(i) Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to confer upon
or give any person other than UMAA and UCU, their successors and assigns, any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

Page 6 of 7
