business days after Purdue Federal provides such materials. Such materials may be provided by
electronic transmission directed to the contact person designated by PAA from time to time.
Purdue Federal must insure it receives an acknowledgement from PAA that the request has been
received and is complete. The ten (10) business day period will commence with this
acknowledgement. If PAA fails to acknowledge the request within three (3) business days,
Purdue Federal will provide the request to the President and CEO of PAA, and the ten (10)
business day period will commence with this request. If PAA fails to provide its approval or
specific reasons for disapproval within the ten (10) business days after acknowledgement or
secondary request as set out above, Purdue Federal shall document such failure to the President
and CEO of PAA. If PAA fails to provide its approval or specific reasons for disapproval within
ten (10) business days after acknowledgement or secondary request as set out above more than
once during a calendar year, Purdue Federal shall document such failure to the President & CEO
of PAA, and Purdue Federal may deduct from its next royalty payment due under Section 4 of
this Agreement, an amount equal to Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) per day for each day
PAA fails to provide Purdue Federal with its approval or specific reason for disapproval.

(e) Upon the request of Purdue Federal, PAA shall provide Purdue Federal with
Mailing Lists free of any charge. PAA shall provide such Mailing Lists within ten (10) business
days after Purdue Federal makes a request. Such requests may be made by electronic
transmission directed to the contact person designated by PAA from time to time. Purdue Federal
must insure it receives an acknowledgement from PAA that the request has been received and is
complete. The ten (10) business day period will commence with this acknowledgement. If PAA
fails to acknowledge the request within three (3) business days, Purdue Federal will provide the
request to the President and CEO of PAA, and the ten (10) business day period will commence
with this request. If PAA fails to provide the Mailing Lists within the ten (10) business days
after acknowledgement or secondary request as set out above, Purdue Federal shall document
such failure to the President and CEO of PAA. If PAA fails to provide the Mailing Lists within
ten (10) business days after acknowledgement or secondary request as set out above more than
once during a calendar year, Purdue Federal shall document such failure to the President & CEO
of PAA, and Purdue Federal may deduct from its next royalty payment due under Section 4 of
this Agreement, an amount equal to Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) per day for each day
PAA fails to provide Purdue Federal with the Mailing Lists. In the event that Purdue Federal
incurs a cost because of a charge assessed by PAA or its agents for an initial Mailing List or an
update to that list, Purdue Federal may deduct such costs from its next royalty payment due
under Section 4 of this Agreement. The complete alumni Mailing List shall contain complete
and accurate information on at least three hundred thousand (300,000) individuals. Purdue
Federal acknowledges and agrees that its receipt of the Mailing List and planned use of the
Mailing List shall at all times be subject to and consistent with the Family Education Rights and
Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, (the "Buckley Amendment").

(63) PAA shall only provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members
or potential Members about the Financial Service Products with Purdue Federal?s prior written
approval. Notwithstanding the above, PAA may respond to individual inquiries about the
Financial Service Products from its Members on an individual basis, provided that said responses
are accurate and consistent with the materials provided by Purdue Federal to PAA.
