(k) In the event that a Member is not eligible to be a member of Purdue Federal, PAA
shall provide such Member an introductory membership in PAA at no cost to either the Member
or Purdue Federal.

0) During the Term, PAA shall provide Purdue Federal a prominent spot on the
sidebar of all of PAA?s web pages, which shall be constantly displayed. The sidebar
advertisement shall provide links to both the Financial Service Products as well as Purdue
Federal?s home web page. In addition, PAA shall provide additional electronic communications
and promotions of Purdue Federal via social media, including but not limited to the items
identified from time to time on Exhibit B.

(m) During the Term, PAA shall provide Purdue Federal a full one page
advertisement for the Financial Service Products in each issue of The Purdue Alumnus and
prominent advertising space for the Financial Service Products in all other PAA publications,
print, electronic, or otherwise, including but not limited to the items identified from time to time
on Exhibit B.

{n) _ PAA acknowledges that Purdue Federal shall own the Credit Accounts held by
Members and that PAA shall have no right to any proceeds, ownership interest or any other
interest in the Credit Accounts held by Members either during the Term or after the expiration of
the Term.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF PURDUE FEDERAL.

(a) Purdue Federal shall design, develop and administer the Financial Service
Products for the Members.

(b) Purdue Federal shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials
with regard to the Financial Service Products. Purdue Federal reserves the right to approve all
advertising and solicitation materials concerning or related to the Financial Service Products,
which may be developed by or on behalf of PAA. Such approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

(c) Purdue Federal shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials to promote
the Financial Service Products.

(d) Purdue Federal shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with
respect to each Financial Service Products account(s) independently of PAA.

(e) Purdue Federal shall use the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement
consistent with this Agreement and shall not permit those persons or entities, including any third
party, handling these Mailing Lists to use them for any other purpose. Purdue Federal shall have
the sole right to designate Members on these Mailing Lists to whom promotional material for the
Financial Service Products will not be sent. The Mailing Lists are and shall remain the sole
