(e) If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement which shall survive and be
construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been contained herein.

(ff) All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given (i) upon receipt by hand delivery or overnight courier, or (ii) three (3) business days after
mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices
shall be addressed as follows:

IF TO PAA: Purdue Alumni Association
ATTN: Kirk Cerny, President and CEO
403 West Wood Street
West Lafayette, IN 47907

IF TO PURDUE FEDERAL: Purdue Federal Credit Union
ATTN: Bob Falk, President and CEO
P.O. Box 1950
West Lafayette, IN 47906-1950

Any party may change the address to which. communications are to be sent by giving notice, as
provided herein, of such change of address.

(g) | This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements, written or oral, with
respect to the matters covered herein. Purdue Federal may utilize the services of any third party
in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

(h) Purdue Federal and PAA are not agents, representatives or employees of each
other, and neither party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner, except
as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement.

qi) Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed
to confer upon or give any person other than PAA and Purdue Federal, their successors and
assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

qj) Neither party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in the
performance of or failure to perform any of its obligations herein if such delay or failure is
caused by strikes, acts of God or the public enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or
military authorities, compliance with governmental laws, rules, regulations, delays in transit or
delivery, or any event beyond its reasonable control or without its fault or negligence.

(k) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which

shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

10
