8. GOVERNING LAW; EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION; EXCLUSIVE VENUE. This

Agreement is entered into in Indiana and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the substantive law (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Indiana. Courts of competent
authority located in Tippecanoe County, Indiana shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction of any
action arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and such courts shall be the sole and
exclusive venue for any such action.

9. TERMINATION OR MODIFICATION.

(a) Termination for Material Breach of Agreement. In the event of any material
breach of this Agreement by Purdue Federal or PAA, the other party may terminate this
Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the breaching party. This notice shall (i)
describe the material breach, and (ii) state the party's intention to terminate this Agreement. If
the breaching party does not cure or substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) days after
receipt of notice, as provided herein (the "Cure Period"), then this Agreement shall terminate
sixty (60) days after the Cure Period.

(b) Termination due to Insolvency. If either Purdue Federal or PAA becomes
insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of
or is subject to any insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or
is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation, then the other party may immediately
terminate this Agreement. :

(c) Termination of Rights to the Trademarks, If, at any time and for any reason, PAA
is not able to provide Purdue Federal with rights to the PAA Trademarks or the Licensed Purdue
Trademarks, per the terms of this Agreement, Purdue Federal may terminate this Agreement and
will have no further monetary obligations to PAA. In such event, PAA will reimburse Purdue
Federal for its actual costs incurred to replace and reissue credit cards with the Trademarks for
which Purdue Federal has been denied access, up to a maximum of One Hundred Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($150,000.00).

(d) Termination or Modification upon Material Change. In the event of any material
change of law or regulation impacting Purdue Federal?s ability to comply with this Agreement or
Purdue Federal?s revenue derived from Credit Accounts, the parties agree to use good faith
efforts to re-negotiate the terms of this Agreement to address the changed circumstances. If the
parties fail to reach an agreement satisfactory to Purdue Federal, then Purdue Federal may
terminate this Agreement upon 30 days written notice to PAA.

(e) Termination of License upon Termination of Agreement. Upon the termination of
this Agreement, Purdue Federal shall, in the manner provided herein, cease to use the
Trademarks. Purdue Federal agrees that it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
Trademarks or to the Mailing Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. Purdue Federal may
conclude all solicitation that is required by law. Purdue Federal shall not be required to recall
and reissue debit or credit cards or other devices, checks or records bearing the Trademarks and
will be permitted to allow such debit or credit cards or other devices, checks, or records to
remain issued until their natural expiration, up to 36 months following the termination of this

