a)

b)

d)

e)

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Section 4(a).

?Marks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade
name, trademark or similar intellectual property owned or acquired by USMF during the term of
this Agreement (the ?Marks?).

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF USME.

USMF agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months
following the expiration, termination or nonrenewal of this Agreement: (i) it will endorse UCU?s
Financial Service Products exclusively and will not sponsor, advertise, aid, develop, or solicit any
Financial Service Products of any person or entity other than UCU; (ii) it will not license or allow
others to license the Marks in relation to or for promoting any Financial Service Products of any
person or entity other than UCU; and (iii) it will not sell, rent or otherwise make available or
allow others to sell, rent or otherwise make available any of its information about any Member
for the purpose of promoting the Financial Service Products of any person or entity other than
UCU. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, USMF may accept
advertising from any financial institution, provided that the advertisement does not contain an
express or implied endorsement by USMF of the financial institution or its Financial Service
Products, it being expressly understood that the mere placement of such advertisements shall
not be construed as an endorsement by USMF. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing,
USMF?s performance under its existing contracts with ClResources for financial services and
insurance products shall not be a violation of this Section. The existing contract with
CiResources may be renewed in its current form only and it may not be supplemented or
amended without UCU?s prior written consent.

USMF authorizes UCU to solicit Members by any means, including but not limited to mail, email,
on-campus direct marketing by UCU to the extent permitted by and at the university locations
previously approved by the University of Southern Maine, at USMF events wherever and
whenever held, and with advertisements and/or telephone calls all to the extent permitted by
applicable law.

USMF shall have the right of prior approval of all Financial Service Products advertising and
solicitation materials to be used by UCU which contain the Marks. Such approval shall not be

unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Upon request of UCU, USMF shall provide UCU with the Mailing Lists free of any charge. In the
event that UCU incurs any costs because of a charge assessed by any person or entity for an
initial Mailing List or an update to a List, UCU may deduct such costs from Royalties due USMF.
The Mailing List must include complete and accurate information to the best of USMF?s
knowledge. UCU will share with USMF any address reports that it may receive from the US
Postal Service and/or any other mail house service.

USMF may provide information to or otherwise communicate with Members or potential
Members about UCU?s Financial Service Products only with UCU?s prior written approval;
provided, however, that USMF may respond to individual inquiries about UCU?s Financial Service
