10.

(4)

{e)

any person?s card, access device, checks or records existing as of the effective date of
termination of this Agreement.

Review of Termination Notice. Any notice in connection with, relating or referring to the
termination of this Agreement communicated by USMF to the Members must be
approved by UCU in writing. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Remedies:

(i.) In the event of a default by either party, the other party may exercise any remedy
available at law or in equity. This paragraph shall survive termination and
expiration of this Agreement.

(ii.) ? Should any litigation be commenced between USMF and UCU concerning this
Agreement, or the rights and duties of any party in relation thereto, the party
prevailing in such litigation shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may
be granted its attorney fees and costs incurred in such litigation.

(iii.) | The above remedies shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any other
remedies available at law or in equity

{iv.) _ Failure to exercise any option or remedy herein specified at the time of default
shall not operate as a waiver of the right to exercise that option or remedy for any
continuing or subsequent default.

MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the
authorized agents of both parties hereto.

The obligations in Sections 6(b), 7, 9(c), 9(d), and 9(e) shall survive any termination of
this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise any rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed
a waiver of such right or any other rights.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be
construed as part of this Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement which
shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not be
contained herein.
