a)

ROYALTIES.

As consideration for the rights granted by USMF to UCU and for the responsibilities of USMF to
UCU in this Agreement, UCU shall pay the following royalty amounts (?Royalties?) to USMF by
way of automated clearing house (ACH) payment. UCU shall not be liable for any other
payments or fees of any kind in regard to this Agreement.

(1) Upfront Amount. UCU shall pay USMF a one-time payment of Seven Thousand Five
Hundred Dollars ($7,500.00) once the Live Date occurs.

Quarterly Amount. UCU shall pay USMF an amount each calendar quarter which is equal
to the sum of the following three royalty elements:

(2

(i) New Credit Card Accounts: UCU will pay USMF Five Dollars ($5.00) for each new
Credit Card Account opened during the previous three (3) months.

(ii) Percentage of the Affinity Portfolio Balance: UCU will pay USMF a percentage of the
Affinity Portfolio Balance equal to an annual rate of One Half of One Percent
(0.50%). The amount will be paid quarterly and will be based upon applying the
annual rate to the average Affinity Portfolio Balance over the quarter which will be
computed by averaging the last three month end Affinity Portfolio Balances over the
previous three (3) months.

(iti) Total active Card Accounts: UCU will pay USMF One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
each time the Affinity Portfolio crosses the one hundred (100) active account
increment threshold in the Affinity Portfolio. These one-time payments will be
made as the Affinity Portfolio grows in net Credit Card Accounts.

The sum of these three components of the Quarterly Amount shall be due within ten
(10) business days after the end of each quarter. The Live Date is projected to be May
1, 2018. The first quarter for royalty computation and payment of a Quarterly Amount
will end June 30, 2018. The first Quarterly Amount will encompass all activity between
the Live Date and June 30, 2018.

b) Records and Audits. Upon the written request of USMF, but no more frequently than one (1)

time in any twelve (12) month period, UCU shall provide USMF with system reports generated
by UCU containing all the information which both (i) form the basis of UCU?s calculation of the
Quarterly Amounts due USMF since the last request was made or, if no previous request was
made hereunder, for the last twelve (12) Quarterly Amount calculations performed by UCU, and
(ii) may be disclosed by UCU without violating any legal rights of any third party or obligation of
UCU. Such reports shall be certified by an officer of UCU as to accuracy, however, that the
reports shall be certified as to their accuracy by the nationally recognized independent certified
public accountants then being utilized by UCU, at USMF?s expense, if USMF so requests such
accountants? certification in its written request for the generation of such reports hereunder.

TERM OF AGREEMENT.
