(iii) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership, reorganization or other similar laws affected by enforcement
of creditor's rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(iv) _ Except as provided herein, no consent, approval or authorization from any
third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are
in full force and effect.

(v) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party
will not constitute a violation of any law, rule, regulation, court order or
ruling applicable to such party.

(b) PAA represents and warrants to Purdue Federal as of the date hereof and
throughout the term of this Agreement that it has the right and power to exclusively license the
PAA Trademarks to Purdue Federal for use as contemplated by this Agreement. PAA represents
and warrants to Purdue Federal as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this Agreement
that it has the right and power to sublicense license the Licensed Purdue Trademarks to Purdue
Federal, upon the terms and conditions provided for herein, for use as contemplated by this
Agreement. PAA will hold Purdue Federal, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates,
successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action and claims, and
will reimburse Purdue Federal reasonable and actual costs in connection therewith, arising from
the Trademark license granted herein or from Purdue Federal 's use of the Trademarks in reliance
thereon. Each party shall promptly notify the other party in the manner provided herein upon
learning of any claims or complaints relating to such license, sublicense, or the use of any"
Trademarks.

(c) Purdue Federal represents and warrants to PAA that it shall comply with the terms
of this Agreement related to the Trademarks. Purdue Federal represents and warrants to PAA
that it shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT. The terms of this Agreement, any proposal,
financial information and proprietary information provided by or on behalf of one party to the
other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to the execution of this Agreement
("Information") are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be
disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under this
Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. Purdue Federal and PAA shall be permitted to
disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, legal, financial and marketing advisors, and
employees as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that said persons
agree to treat the information as confidential in the above-described manner and (ii) as required
by law or by any governmental regulatory authority.
