IL.

Il.

Iv.

PURPOSE: The purpose of this Request for Proposals (RFP) is to solicit sealed proposals from qualified
financial institutions to establish a contract through competitive negotiations to operate a retail branch bank
at George Mason University?s Johnson Center, located on the campus in Fairfax, VA and an ATM/cash
machine network at Fairfax and other Mason locations.

GOVERNING RULES: This solicitation is issued in accordance with the provisions of the Restructured
Higher Education Financial and Administrative Operations Act, Chapter 4.10 (? 23-38.88 et seq.) of Title
23 of the Code of Virginia, and in particular ? 23-38.90 of the Restructuring Act, referred to as the
?Governing Rules?. For complete information visit:
http://fiscal.gmu.edu/Forms/Purchasing%20Forms/GTC09-2.pdf

BACKGROUND: George Mason University, a public University within the Commonwealth of Virginia,
serves more than 30,000 students at its four campuses: Fairfax Campus, Arlington Campus, Prince William
Campus and the Loudoun Campus. The University employs approximately 5,000 full-time faculty,
administrators, support staff and approximately 1,300 part-time faculty and staff. One of six senior
doctoral institutions in the Commonwealth, the University is an educational leader providing a cultural and
economic resource for Virginia. Additional Fact Book information is available at: http://irr.gmu.edu .

The branch bank will be located in the Johnson Center, a multipurpose facility which opened in the fall of
1995. The Johnson Center is located at the center of the Fairfax Campus and is the hub of campus
community activity. More than 500 University staff and contract employees work within the Center which
contains a bookstore, a computer store, a bank, a credit union, a food court, coffee shops, a convenience
store, a retail mail center, a movie theater, a copy center, a library, a variety of student services, and
technology labs. The University?s current branch bank contract expires August 31, 2012 and the branch is
scheduled to close on July 27,2012. The space will be ready for the selected firm to take possession of the
space and make necessary enhancements after July 27. A copy of the floor plan and a list of existing
ATM?s and cash dispensers are included/attached.

As the University continues to grow, it is imperative that all of the University? services be delivered to the
University community efficiently and effectively. Retail banking must be a superior service with quality
personnel and products.

It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia to contribute to the establishment, preservation and
strengthening of small businesses and businesses owned by women and minorities and to encourage their
participation in state procurement activities. George Mason University encourages Contractors to provide
for the participation of small businesses and businesses owned by women and minorities through
partnerships, joint ventures, contracts and other contractual opportunities.

STATEMENT OF NEEDS: George Mason University is seeking a responsible financial institution to
operate an on-site retail banking operation in the Johnson Center, located on the Fairfax campus, and a
network of ADA compatible ATM?s and cash dispensers. The Johnson Center is a vibrant facility in the
heart of campus with over 320,000 sq ft of gross space and welcoming over 5 million visits per year. The
successful Contractor shall furnish all supplies, materials, equipment, management, and labor necessary for
the professional, efficient operation of all services. The banking operation shall provide for a full range of
services, to include, but not be limited to the services listed below. Offerors are encouraged to offer
alternative services which would be useful to the University community. It is desired that the successful
Contractor will take the initiative to anticipate and manage future needs and recommend innovative
services which meet the ever changing needs of the University community. The University has a goal to
maximize the financial contribution from this partnership. The University welcomes proposals that enable
mutually beneficial arrangements extending exclusivity for retail presence, marketing, co-branding and
other creative solutions.

In order to be considered responsive to this RFP, the Offeror shall provide a complete description of each
of the proposed services and indicate any and all associated service charges. Apple Federal Credit Union
currently leases space in the Johnson Center and maintains an ATM in the Johnson Center and on the
Prince William campus, and the University will honor its existing agreement.

A. Services Desired:

1. Check Cashing
