Saturday & Sunday, 9am-2am. Access to branch when the facility is closed may be
arranged for bank staff.

1. Provide a complete suite of on-line banking services.

2. Be able to provide an adequate amount of cash for Contractor operations (i.e.
Bookstore Buyback requires between $50,000 - $100,000 per day for example).

3. Provide an emphasis on a student banking program that would be attractive to that
demographic. Student postal mail or email addresses currently are not available to
contractors for non-academic related purposes.

4. Provide an Alumni Affinity Card program to Mason Alumni and work with George
Mason University on other alumni outreach programs. The University currently has a
database of a 140,000 alumni. It also distributes 200,000 copies per issue of the
University magazine, Mason Spirit.

5. Provide co-branded functionality to the current multi-purpose campus card known as
Mason ID to allow it to also provide access via pin based debit to a checking or other
demand deposit account through ATM and/or point of sale transactions. The University
currently has approximately 75,000 active Mason Id cards in its database of student,
aculty, staff and others. It produces approximately 5,000 new cards annually.

6. Provide banking materials in the Human Resources orientation packages for all new
hires.

7. Trademark Licensing: The University will license the Contractor to use certain trade
names and trademarks, and other designs and symbols which have come to be associated
with George Mason University and which will be provided to the Contractor. The
Contractor may not have manufactured, sold, promoted, or distributed any product
bearing Mason?s trademarks/trade names until it has obtained the required written
approval from the University Contract Administrator. These rights are not transferable.

B. Specific Requirements:

1. Equipment and Facility

a. All work required to enhance the existing space shall the responsibility of the
Contractor. The Contractor or its subcontractor(s) shall be properly licensed by the State
Board for Contractors for all work undertaken. All work will be approved and permitted
by GMU Facilities Management.

b. The Contractor shall be responsible for the purchase and installation of all furniture,
fixtures, machinery, and equipment needed to operate the branch bank and ATM
network. All such property shall remain the ownership of the Contractor, and upon
expiration or termination of the contract, be removed at the Contractor?s expense, to
include the restoration of the premises to their previous condition with reasonable wear
and tear expected. The University will not be liable for the loss of any of the property
and/or contents of the branch bank and ATM network whether through theft, fire or other
casualty. The Contractor shall maintain proper insurance to cover such losses.

c. Purchase, installation, and operating cost of security systems shall be the responsibility
of the Contractor.

d. Provision of water, electricity, heat, air conditioning and life safety systems will be the
responsibility of the University. The University shall not guarantee uninterrupted utility
service except that it will make every reasonable effort to restore services following an
interruption. The University shall not be liable for any loss which may result from the
interruptions or failure of any such utility service.

5
