d. Breaches of security, physical and electronic within 24 hours.

e. Notice that background checks have been performed 48 hours after completion.

f. Results of customer services surveys, as available, but at least annually.

g. Copies of all customer communication regarding changes in fees and services within

48 hours of distribution to customers.

C. Optional Considerations: Offerors are encouraged to consider the following in preparing their
proposals:

1. Participate in the Mason community through marketing, partnership, sponsorship opportunities
with Athletics. (See attachment)

2. Provide support to University activities through annual sponsorship of events, awards,
educational seminars and participation in appropriate events like New Student Orientation.

3. Advertise on the University?s digital signage network (currently 54 screens), known as
MasonAds (masonads.gmu.edu), to promote services and create awareness.

4. Plan for additional cash dispensers to support student housing areas.

D. Financial Considerations (to possibly include)
1. A one-time contract signing fee.

2. A branch bank lease of $30.00 per square foot for the Johnson Center leased spaced. The
annual lease of $39,180.00 ($30.00 x 1306SF) is payable in two payments due December and
May. The lease escalates at 3% annually.

3. Annual guarantee to GMU to be the exclusive operator of a bank branch and ATM network
(payable in two payments, due October and March).

4. Alumni Affinity Card: The Contractor shall offer to pay annually to the University a fee to
administer this program.

5. Co-branded Mason ID Card: The Contractor shall offer to pay annually to the University a flat
fee to administer this program.

6. Trademark Licensing: The Contractor shall offer to pay annually to the University a fee for
using Mason?s approved trademarks/trade names on credit/debit cards, checks, promotional and
marketing products.

7. All payments shall be made payable to George Mason University and mailed to the following

address: George Mason University, 4400 University Drive, MSN 4A1, University Hall, Suite
3200, Fairfax, Virginia 22030-4444, Attn: David Atkins.

Vv. PROPOSAL PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS:

A. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS.

1. RFP Response.

In order to be considered offerors must submit one (1) original signed proposal and six (6) copies.
A complete response shall include one CD containing response. If proposal contains proprietary
information then two CD?s must be submitted; one with proprietary information and one without
proprietary information.
