a. Personal Checks: Cash checks for all customers of the bank subject to sufficient funds
being on deposit. In addition, cash personal checks for student non-customers up to
$25.00 and cash personal checks for non-customer faculty and staff up to $100. There is
a limit of one transaction per day for non-account holders with proper ID?s, one of which
must be a valid Mason photo ID.

b. First Party Checks: Cash first party checks issued by the U.S. Government,
Commonwealth of Virginia, and George Mason University for any amount. First party
oreign checks drawn on U.S. banks shall be handled the same as personal checks. Cash
first party checks payable to the University and a student with proper ID.

c. Checks Drawn on Foreign Banks: Send for collection first party checks drawn on
oreign banks made payable to students. An account with the bank is not required.

d. Mason International Students: Open accounts with valid passport, I-20, student visa
and proof of mailing address.

2. Deposit Accounts: Accept deposits for checking (personal, business, interest) and
savings accounts and accommodate savings withdrawals. Offerer will post wait times for

access to funds after deposit.

3. Provide cashier?s checks, certified checks, traveler?s checks, money orders, wire
transfers, and notary services.

4. Provide major credit card services and check card/debit card services.

5. Provide lending services for personal, commercial, educational, real estate, home
equity and lines of credit.

6. Provide investment services to include U.S. Savings Bonds, Keogh Plans, money
market accounts, IRA?s, CD?s, Treasury Bills and Notes.

7. Purchase and exchange foreign currency for the University community.

8. Provide wrapped coin and currency to University departments and contract
organizations.

9. ATM?s and Cash Dispensers: Presently, the university has ATM?s and Cash
Dispensers in the following locations: ATMs and Cash Dispensers must fit within the
spaces dedicated to the branch bank and other spaces.

Campus Location ATM Type Status
Fairfax Johnson Center - 1 Affixed (accepts deposits, Existing
dispenses stamps)

Fairfax Student Union I - 1 Affixed Existing
Fairfax Student Union II - 1 Affixed Existing
Fairfax Patriot Center - 2 Stand-alone Existing
Fairfax Eisenhower Hall - 1 Stand-alone Existing
Fairfax University Hall - 1 Stand-alone Existing
Fairfax Parking Lot C - 1 Drive-Up Existing, optional
Fairfax Mason Inn Hotel - 1 Stand-alone Desired
Prince William Occoquan Building - 1 Stand-alone Existing
Arlington Founders Hall - 1 Stand-alone Existing

10. Hours of Operation: The Contractor shall staff the branch bank with sufficient
personnel to conduct daily business. The minimum hours of operation are Monday
through Thursday, 9:00am ? 8:00pm, Friday 9:00am ? 5:00pm and Saturday, 10:00am ?
2:00pm. The Johnson Center normal operating schedule is Monday-Friday, 7am-2am and

4
