2. Proposal Preparation:

a. Proposals shall be signed by an authorized representative of the Offeror. All
information requested must be submitted.

b. Proposals should be prepared simply and economically, providing a straightforward,
concise description of capabilities to satisfy the requirements of the RFP. Emphasis
should be on completeness and clarity of content.

c. Proposals should be organized in the order in which the requirements are presented in
the RFP. Proposals that are not organized in this manner risk elimination from
consideration if the evaluators are unable to find where the RFP requirements are
specifically addressed.

d. Ownership of all data, material and documentation originated and prepared for the
Schools pursuant to the RFP shall belong exclusively to the Schools and be subject to
public inspection in accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act. Trade
secrets or proprietary information submitted by an Offeror shall not be subject to public
disclosure under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; however, the Offeror must
invoke the protection of ?34 of the Governing Rules in writing, either before or at the
time the data is submitted. The written notice must specifically identify the data or
materials to be protected and state the reasons why protection is necessary. The
proprietary or trade secret material submitted must be identified by some distinct
method such as highlighting or underlining and must indicate only the specific words,
figures, or paragraphs that constitute trade secret or proprietary or trade secrets.
Labeling the entire contents of a proposal is not acceptable and may result in rejection
and return of the proposal.

3. Oral Presentation: Offerors who submit a proposal in response to this RFP may be required to
give an oral presentation of their proposal to Mason. This will provide an opportunity for the
Offeror to clarify or elaborate on the proposal but will in no way change the original proposal.
Oral presentations are an option and may not be conducted. Therefore, proposals should be
complete.

Mason expects offerors who are invited to give an oral presentation will utilize the person or
persons who will be working on the project to make the presentation so quality and experience
of the contractor's staff can be evaluated prior to making selection. Should presentations be
required they will be scheduled for June 20 & 21, 2012. These dates are critical and alternative
dates will not be available so please allow for proper scheduling.

SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: Proposals should be as thorough as possible so Mason may
properly evaluate the Offeror?s capabilities and approach toward providing the required services.
Offerors are required to submit the following items as a complete proposal:

1. The return of the RFP cover sheet (page 1) and all addenda, acknowledgements, if any, signed
and filled out as required.

2. A written narrative statement to include:

a. A brief history of the qualifications and experience of the firm in providing branch
banking services.

b. Name, titles and qualifications of all management personnel considered for the branch
bank.

c. At least three (3) references to include contact name and phone number the University
has permission to contact.

d. An overview of your organization?s current financial condition and a copy of your
most recent audited annual financial statement. Include Veribank or similar rating for the
past five years.

3. Specific plan for providing the service including:

8
