APCU, GSUAA agrees to either return to APCU the media upon which such Confidential Member
Information is stored by GSUAA, whether in tangible or electronic form, or destroy the media in
such a manner so that the information cannot be read or reconstructed.

Part C: General Provisions

9.14 Remedy for breach of this article. The Parties agree that monetary damages will be
difficult to ascertain in the event of any breach of this Article, and the monetary damages alone
would not be sufficient to compensate a Party for such breach. The Parties agree that in the event
of violation of this Article, without limiting any other rights and remedies, an injunction may be
brought against any Party who has breached or threatened to breach this Article, without

requirement to post bond.

9.15 Survival of Article 9. The obligations in Article 9 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and will remain an obligation of each Party.

ARTICLE 10: Indemnity

10.1 Indemnification of APCU. [Intentionally Deleted].

10.2 Indemnification of GSUAA. [Intentionally Deleted].

10.3 Indemnification for Infringement Claims. [Intentionally Deleted].

10.4 GSUAA's liability for Account issues. GSUAA shall have no liability to APCU or any
Accountholders for any of the operating or credit functions of the Member Accounts, including

any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency or Accountholder disputes with APCU.

10.5 Survival of Article 10. The Parties agree that the provisions of Article 10 shall survive
the termination of the Agreement.

Article 11: Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted
to be given hereunder by either Party to the other shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and
effective when: (a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit with any

recognized overnight courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

To Athletic Association at:
Georgia State University Athletics Association, Inc.

Page 14 of 19
