internet gambling or any indication of increased risk related to the transaction or the Account. You agree that We have no
requirement to notify You of the specific reason We denied a transaction. If We detect unusual or suspicious activity, We
may suspend Your credit privileges until We can verify the activity, or We may close the Account.

9. INFORMATION UPDATING SERVICE AND AUTHORIZATIONS ? If You have authorized a merchant to bill charges
to Your Card on a recurring basis, it is Your responsibility to notify the merchant in the event Your Card is replaced, Your
Account information (such as Card number or expiration date) changes, or Your Account is closed. However, if Your Card
is replaced or Your Account information changes, You authorize Us, without obligation on Our part, to provide the updated
Account information to the merchant in order to permit the merchant to bill recurring charges to Your Card. You authorize
Us to apply such recurring charges to Your Card until You notify Us that You have revoked authorization for the charges
to Your Card.

Your Card is automatically enrolled in an information updating service. Through this service, Your updated Account
information (such as Card number or expiration date) may be shared with participating merchants to facilitate continued
recurring charges. Updates are not guaranteed before Your next payment to a merchant is due. You are responsible for
making direct payment until recurring charges resume. To revoke Your authorization allowing Us to provide updated
Account information to a merchant, please contact Us.

10. PREAUTHORIZED CHARGES ? We may suspend preauthorized recurring charges with merchants if, for example,
Your Card is lost or stolen, You default, or We change Your Account for any reason. If preauthorized recurring charges
are suspended, You are responsible for making direct payment for such charges until You contact the merchant to
reinstate recurring charges.

11. DEFAULT ? You will be in default under this Agreement if You fail to pay the Minimum Payment Due by its Payment
Due Date; pay by a check or similar instrument that is not honored or that We must return because it cannot be
processed; pay by automatic debit that is returned unpaid; make any false or misleading statements in any credit
application or credit update; file for bankruptcy; or die. You will also be in default if You fail to comply with the terms of this
Agreement or any other Agreement You have with Us.

If You default, We may close Your Account and require You to pay any unpaid balance immediately, subject to applicable
law. In this Agreement and on Your Credit Card Application, You gave Us a security interest in all individual or joint share
and/or deposit accounts with the Credit Union and authorized Us, if You defaulted, to apply the balance in these accounts
to any amounts due. You agree We may rely on Your agreement and authorization to, upon Your default, apply any
balance to any amounts due on Your Account.

12. LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED USE-LOST/STOLEN CARD NOTIFICATION ? If You notice the loss or theft of
Your credit card or a possible unauthorized use of Your Card, You should write to Us immediately at 515 Mulberry Street,
Suite 100, Macon, GA, 31201 or call Us at (800) 849-8431, seven days a week 24 hours a day.

You will not be liable for any unauthorized use that occurs after You notify Us. You may, however, be liable for
unauthorized use that occurs before Your notice to Us. You will have no liability for unauthorized use unless You are
found to be fraudulent or negligent in the handling of Your Account or Card. In any case, Your liability for unauthorized
transactions will not exceed $50.

13. CHANGING OR TERMINATING YOUR ACCOUNT ? As permitted by law, the Credit Union may change the terms
of this Agreement and any attached Disclosure from time to time. Notice of any change will be given in accordance with
applicable law. To the extent permitted by law, changes to the Agreement may apply to Your existing account balance as
well as to future transactions.

Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin Residents - Either
You, Your spouse or the Credit Union may terminate this Agreement at any time, but termination by You, Your spouse or
the Credit Union will not affect Your obligation to pay the account balance plus any finance and other charges You or Your
spouse owe under this Agreement. Your obligation to pay the account balance plus any finance and other charges You
owe under this agreement are subject to all applicable laws and regulations regarding repayment requirements. The Card
or Cards You receive remain the property of the Credit Union and You must recover and surrender to the Credit Union all
Cards upon request or upon termination of this Agreement whether by You or the Credit Union.

Residents of all other states - Either You or the Credit Union may terminate this Agreement at any time, but termination
by You or the Credit Union will not affect Your obligation to pay the account balance plus any finance and other charges
You owe under this Agreement. Your obligation to pay the account balance plus any finance and other charges You owe
under this agreement are subject to all applicable laws and regulations regarding repayment requirements. The Card or
Cards You receive remain the property of the Credit Union and You must recover and surrender to the Credit Union all
Cards upon request or upon termination of this Agreement whether by You or the Credit Union.

14. AUTHORIZED USERS ? Upon Your request, We may issue additional Cards for authorized users that You
designate. You must notify Us in writing of any termination of an authorized user's right to access Your Account. Your
notice must include the name of the authorized user and Your Account number and/or any subaccount number issued to
the authorized user along with the authorized user's Card and any convenience or other access checks issued to the
authorized user. If You cannot return the authorized user's Card or access checks and if You request Your Account to be

Page 3 of 6
01000038-MXC30-C-1-072121 (MXC305-E)
