7.1. Definition of GSUAA Trademarks. ?Georgia State University athletics-related
Trademarks? means athletics-related trademarks of Georgia State University and that are
authorized for use by Athletic Association for licensing in the United States of America in relation
to the Cards and any related financial services programs.

7.2 GSUAA art for program material. All art for the program material, including cards,
advertising, or solicitation materials, which contain one or more Georgia State University
athletics-related Trademarks must be provided by GSUAA. GSUAA will provide such art at no
charge to meet the reasonable requirements of APCU hereunder. All art which GSUAA provides
to APCU, in whatever media for whatever purpose, shall be promptly returned to GSUAA upon
request of GSUAA, except for art reasonably required for authorized current production of cards
or advertising or solicitation materials. APCU acknowledges that all such art is proprietary to
Georgia State University, may only be used for APCU?s authorized activities under the Agreement,
and APCU agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third
party, unless such third party is required to assist APCU in the fulfilling of its obligations under
this Agreement.

7.3 Trademark rights retained by GSUAA APCU agrees that upon termination of the
Agreement, it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Georgia State University
athletics-related Trademarks. APCU agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other
protection or take any other action, which might affect Georgia State University?s ownership of
any of the rights in the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks. APCU understands
and agrees that its use of the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks shall inure to
Georgia State University?s exclusive benefit and that APCU will not acquire any rights by virtue
of any use APCU may make of the Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks, other
than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.4 Use of Georgia State University athletics-related Trademarks upon termination of
Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Qualified Members that became APCU
members through this Agreement shall remain members of APCU. Upon the next regular renewal
date of any Card issued to an Accountholder through this Agreement, APCU may issue a non-
GSUAA-branded Card to the Accountholder.

7.5 Notices and GSUAA?s rights reserved. APCU agrees that all uses of the Georgia State
University athletics-related Trademarks shall bear such proprietary trademark right notices of
Georgia State University as GSUAA may reasonably direct. All rights not specifically granted by
Georgia State University are reserved.

Page 9 of 19
