ARTICLE 3: Compensation and Reporting

3.1 Compensation. In exchange for the Use of Georgia State University?s athletics-related
trademarks, APCU agrees that during the term of this Agreement, GSUAA shall earn and be paid
in U.S. Dollars (?Compensation?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in
Attachment ?A.?

3.2 Compensation reports. APCU shall provide GSUAA with monthly statements that set
forth in sufficient detail such information regarding the Cards that forms the basis for calculating
the amount of Compensation earned by GSUAA according to the rates, terms, and provisions of
Attachment ?A.? GSUAA understands and acknowledges that Compensation will be calculated
based upon dates or time periods when various transactions are reported to APCU and processed
through normal accounting cycles which dates or time periods may be different than the actual
date of the particular transaction giving rise to entitlement to Compensation.

3.3 Maintaining reports. APCU shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books
of account and records regarding the Cards that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation
due to GSUAA. Such records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be
kept and maintained for at least twelve (12) months after the end of each such year. GSUAA shall
have the right, upon written notice to APCU, at any reasonable time during regular business hours
of APCU and at APCU?s offices in Georgia to examine, inspect, and audit all such books and
records, and all such other papers and files (collectively ?Account Records?) of APCU relating to
the performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation. If
practicable, APCU, at the request of GSUAA, shall send copies of the Account Records to
GSUAA, at GSUAA?s expense, in electronic format, in lieu of an in-house examination of the
Account Records by GSUAA.

3.4 No compensation after termination of Agreement. No Compensation shall be earned by
GSUAA as of and after the effective date of termination of this Agreement; provided, however,
Compensation earned prior to the termination of the Agreement shall be payable to GSUAA as
provided in Attachment ?A.?

3.5. Issues with Compensation. GSUAA agrees to review monthly statements of
Compensation earned provided to it by APCU and to promptly report any errors or irregularities
regarding the calculation, reporting, or payment of Compensation, and in no event later than one
(1) year after the date of such statement. Failure to report any irregularities within one (1) year
from the date of the monthly statement is conclusive that such statement and amounts thereon are
correct. GSUAA understands and acknowledges that APCU loses the ability to completely
reconstruct transactions after one (1) year from the date of the transaction, including an inability
to retrieve supporting documentation and that such inability to reconstruct transactions may

Page 5 of 19
