Member; all credit limit assignments and adjustments with respect to any Account; whether to
terminate, suspend, or reactivate credit privileges on any Account; and the manner and method of
collections to be pursued, if any, on any Account.

1.3 Cardholder Agreement. GSUAA understands and agrees that the terms and conditions
of any credit relationship between the Accountholder and APCU will be governed by a Cardholder
Agreement.

1.4 Georgia State University?s trademarks. The Cards shall be customized to include, as
provided in this Agreement, Georgia State University?s athletics-related Trademarks as the parties
may jointly agree in writing to utilize them on the Cards from time to time. APCU agrees that all
uses of Georgia State University?s athletics-related trademarks on the Cards will bear proprietary
trademark rights notices of Georgia State University, and be subject to Georgia State University?s
policies and procedures, as Georgia State University may reasonably direct.

1.5 Third party service providers. GSUAA understands and agrees that APCU may from
time to time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement (as defined in Article
4) use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill, or complete its obligations pursuant to
this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that any such third-party service providers
must agree to protect the confidential information and confidential consumer information entrusted
to it, either by separate confidentiality agreement or as part of a service contract.

ARTICLE 2: Acknowledgements, Representations, and Agreements

2.1 Parties? warranties and representations. GSUAA and APCU each warrant and
represent that as of the date hereof and during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this
Agreement:

(a) GSUAA and APCU have and shall have the rights and power to enter into and
perform all their obligations under this Agreement;

(b) GSUAA and APCU?s proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not
infringe any laws, regulations, or other applicable codes of practice or procedural or
regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party;

(c) GSUAA and APCU hold and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required
hereunder, and has otherwise complied and shall comply in all material respects with the
requirements of all applicable statutes, laws, and regulations applicable to the arrangements
contemplated by this Agreement;

Page 2 of 19
