associated with the Visa product category (collectively, the ?Enhancements?) and shall be
available only for such period of time as the related services are available to APCU and its
cardholders from third party processors and providers. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Enhancements are subject to cancellation or change by APCU at any time, with or
without prior notice. APCU reserves the right to add, delete, modify, or withdraw Enhancements
or change the specific features of any such Enhancements from time to time during the Initial Term
and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that one or more of the
Enhancements offered by APCU to the Accountholders are provided by third parties unrelated to
APCU and that such Enhancements including the availability and cost thereof to APCU, may
change and any such Enhancements may be added, deleted, modified, or withdrawn in the sole
discretion of APCU.

5.4 Modification of Enhancements. APCU may add, delete, modify or withdraw specific
Enhancements to the Member Accounts during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this
Agreement or during the term of any Accountholder Agreement with an Accountholder after
providing written notification to affected Accountholders as may be required by law or regulation.

5.5 Offer of APCU's financial services and products. APCU and its affiliates are authorized
and permitted from time to time to offer to Accountholders other APCU financial services and
products. In any such offers, no reference to the Card will be made without the prior written
approval of GSUAA and subject to the provisions of Article 9 below.

ARTICLE 6: Marketing Efforts

6.1 Marketing during Initial Term. APCU will, at its own cost, during the Initial Term of
this Agreement, develop solicitation materials designed for the purpose of encouraging the
acquisition and usage of the Card by potential Accountholders. The materials will be designed and
developed for a variety of presentation and marketing methods e.g. brochures, print ads, website
postings, direct mail, e-mail, etc. The exact choice of materials, presentation, and marketing
methods will be made by APCU; provided, however, that any specific marketing to Qualified
Members shall be pre-approved by GSUAA and shall conform to directives set forth between the
Parties in its Naming Rights and Sponsorship Agreement. Any use of current lists or databases
shall only be those that are directly controlled and updated by Athletic Association and not any
databases controlled by Georgia State University. APCU shall make any request for pre-approval
of a marketing effort to Qualified Members to GSUAA by written notice pursuant to this
Agreement. GSUAA shall respond with reasonable promptness to the request. If GSUAA fails to
respond to a request within forty-five (45) days, the request is deemed approved and APCU may
proceed with the marketing effort described in the pre-approval notice.

ARTICLE 7: Trademarks

Page 8 of 19
