impede an audit should GSUAA elect to perform such an audit. GSUAA agrees that the inability
of APCU to reconstruct transactions or to retrieve supporting documentation after twelve (12)
months from the date of any transaction shall not, in and of itself, be a basis upon which GSUAA
can assert a claim for additional or adjusted compensation.

ARTICLE 4: Term of Agreement; Termination

4.1 Initial Term and Renewal Term. The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence
on the Effective Date and continue until December 31, 2025 (the ?Initial Term?). Prior to the end
of the Initial Term, the Agreement may be renewed if both GSUAA and APCU agree in writing
to renew the Agreement within sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term. If the Parties
both agree in writing to renew the Agreement within sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial
Term, the Agreement shall renew for a one (1) year period (?Renewal Term?). The Parties may
agree to renew the Agreement at the end of each Renewal Period for an additional one (1) year
period if the Parties both agree in writing to renew the Agreement within sixty (60) days prior to
the end of the Renewal Period. Notwithstanding the above, nothing in this Agreement shall
preclude the Parties from extending this Agreement at any point for additional periods upon mutual
written agreement.

4.2 Termination of Agreement. In addition to the Events of Termination set forth in
Subsection 4.5, either Party may terminate the Agreement by notifying the other Party in writing
at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or prior to the expiration of any
Renewal Term, that it is terminating and cancelling the Agreement.

4.3 Supersedes prior agreements. This Agreement shall supersede and replace all Affinity
Card Agreements between the Parties, if any, entered into prior to the Effective Date.

4.4 Card's survival of termination. Regardless of the termination of the Agreement, any
Card issued before such termination may continue to be held and used by Accountholders until the
stated expiration date of such Cards.

4.5 Events of Termination. Either party may, upon thirty (30) days written notice, terminate
this Agreement if:

(a) a Party fails to comply with or to perform a material term, obligation, covenant,
condition, or promise contained in this Agreement; or

(b) a materially adverse and unanticipated change occurs in a Party?s financial
condition; or

(c) commencement of proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, is begun for
the dissolution or termination of a Party's existence as a going business, the insolvency of

Page 6 of 19
