Information as it provides to protect its own, similar confidential information, but in on event less
than commercially reasonable care.

9.3 Restrictions on Confidential Information. A\| Confidential Information, unless
otherwise agreed in writing: (a) shall not be copied, distributed, disclosed, or disseminated in any
way or form by the receiving Party without the prior written consent of the disclosing Party; (b)
shall be used by the receiving party only in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement, unless otherwise consented to in writing by the disclosing Party, except as
required to provide the services; (c) shall remain the property of and be returned together with all
copies of such information, to the disclosing Party or destroyed after the receiving Party?s need for
it has expired or upon request of the disclosing Party, and, in any event, upon expiration or
termination of this Agreement. At the request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party will
furnish a certificate of an officer of the receiving Party certifying that the Confidential Information
not returned to the disclosing Party has been destroyed. Notwithstanding the above, the receiving
Party may retain a copy of the Confidential Information for regulatory purposes.

9.4 Excluded from the definition of Confidential Information. The Parties agree that the
term ?Confidential Information? does not include information which: (a) has been or may in the
future be published or is now or may in the future be otherwise in the public domain through no
fault of the receiving Party; (6) prior to disclosure pursuant to this Agreement is property within
the legitimate possession of the receiving Party; (c) subsequent to disclosure pursuant to this
Agreement is lawfully received from a third party having rights in the information without
restriction of the third party?s right to disseminate the information and without notice of any
restriction against its further disclosure; (d) is independently developed by the receiving Party
through parties who have no had access to such Confidential Information; (e) is obligated to be
produced under order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other similar requirement of a
governmental agency; or (f) is obligated to be disclosed pursuant to applicable federal or state
sunshine laws, such as the Act.

Part B: Confidential Member Information

9.5 Definition of Confidential Member Information. The Parties agree that the term
?Confidential Member Information? as used herein shall mean all nonpublic personal information
as that term is used in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (?GLBA?) (15 U.S.C. ?? 6801-6809) all
?consumer information? as that term is used in the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of
2003 (?FACT?) (15 U.S.C. ? 1681 et seq.) and any and all privacy regulations, guidelines, and
interpretations thereof adopted pursuant thereto by the appropriate regulatory authorities. An
?APCU Member? as used herein includes an Accountholder.

Page 12 of 19
