UTES SPORTS
) PROPERTIES

Utes Sports Properties, LLC

MARKETING & SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

THIS MARKETING AND SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT (?Agreement?) is made and entered as of the 2nd day of

August, 2018 between University Federal Credit Union (?Sponsor?) and Utes Sports Properties, LLC, a Missouri limited liability
company qualified to do business in the State of Utah (?Provider?).

BACKGROUND

Provider holds the exclusive marketing and sponsorship rights for University of Utah athletics (?University?),
Sponsor wishes to further its exposure of its products and/or services through its association with University and by
sponsoring University athletics,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Background and other valuable consideration, Sponsor and Provider

each a ?Party?

and collectively (the ?Parties?) agree as follows:

Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall cover the following athletic year(s) which are measured from July 1 to June
30 (the ?Term?) and includes performance commenced prior to the execution of this Agreement: 2018-2019, 2019-2020,
2020-2021, 2021-2022, 2022-2023.

Neither Party shall have any of the rights set forth in this Agreement after its expiration except for obligations which by
their nature shall survive termination including Sponsor's payment obligations to Provider under Paragraph 3 below.

Sponsorship Benefits. During the Term, provided that Sponsor fulfills all of its obligations to Provider, including, but
not limited to its payment obligations, Sponsor will receive the benefits described on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement
and made a part hereof (the ?Benefits"). The only rights of Sponsor relating to the University, its teams, its athletic
events and its athletic venues are the rights to receive the Benefits in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
unless specifically set forth in this Agreement, all other rights relating to the University, its teams, its athletic events and
its athletic venues are hereby retained by Provider or University. Unless otherwise specifically stated in Exhibit A or
elsewhere in this Agreement, all Benefits are for the regular season only. Provider's withholding of Benefits from
Sponsor because of Sponsor's failure to fulfill its payment obligations in the amounts and at the times set forth under
Paragraph 3 below, shall not under any circumstances be considered a default by Provider or a breach by Provider of this
Agreement and if Provider does not initially withhold Benefits after Sponsor?s failure to timely make all of its payments
to Provider, it shall not be a waiver of Provider?s right to withhold Benefits in the future. If during the Term of this
Agreement, Sponsor wishes to modify the Benefits in any manner, Sponsor must notify the Provider in writing and
provide reasons for the modification but in no event shall Sponsor have the right to terminate this Agreement or reduce
its sponsorship fee absent Provider's written consent which may be granted or withheld in Provider's sole discretion. If
Provider is advised by University that Provider may no longer provide Sponsor with all of the material Benefits to be
afforded Sponsor under this Agreement (University Notice?), then this Agreement shall terminate at the end of the
Athletic Year of the Term for which the University Notice is applicable, with no further liability or obligations of either
Party under this Agreement thereafter except for any payments still owed by Sponsor at the time of termination for
Benefits received by Sponsor or payments to be refunded by Provider to Sponsor for Benefits paid for but not yet received.
If University requires Provider to terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the then Athletic Year of the Term for
which the University Notice is applicable, then this Agreement shall terminate upon Provider's notice to Sponsor and
Sponsor will receive a refund for any Benefits paid for and not yet received or pay Provider for any Benefits received but
not yet paid for but in no event shall either Party have any further liability or obligation to the other under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Paragraph 2 to the contrary, in lieu of this Agreement terminating because of
a University Notice, Provider and Sponsor shall negotiate in good faith for a period of thirty (30) days following Provider
being advised of the University Notice in order to determine whether alternative benefits can be offered to Sponsor and
