EXHIBIT A

TO MARKETING & SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
University Federal Credit Union
AND
Utes Sports Properties, LLC

BENEFITS

Digital
Y ? Online Advertising
* 500 Leaderboard/ Super Leaderboard Ad - 728x90; Per 1,000 impressions

Marks & Logos

Y Usage
? ? 1 Logo Rights - Use of the Utah Athletics Mark; for mutually agreeable promotional purposes

Merchandise

v? Basketball

? 1 Autographed Basketball - Autographed Basketball
Y ? Football

? 2 Autographed Football - Autographed Football

Promotions

? Football
? 1 On-Field Promotion - On-field promotion at a all home football game to take place during a scheduled time-
out or quarter break and will receive the following supportive elements: Logo swipe in and out of the
recognition on the main videoboard, lower third graphic during the recognition. branded messaging on the
north-end LED ribbon board, branded messaging on the south-end LED fascia board, branded messaging on the
main videoboard LED ribbon and PA announcement ? Exclusive Sponsor of the ?Grab a Grand? contest at all
regular season home games.
Y Men's Basketball
? 1 On-Court Promotion - On-court promotion at all home men's basketball games ? Presenting Sponsor of the
?Shoot for Loot? contest during the first half of all regular home men?s basketball games (estimated 17 or 18.)

Radio

Y? Football

? 1 Entitlement - Pre-Game Show - Presenting sponsor of the football radio pre-game show on ESPN 700 (1 hour
before kickoff). Includes branded live reads in and out of each commercial break (20 reads per game, 12 games)

? 1 Football Extended Season -

e 1 Network :30 - In-game - :30 in-game commercial spot during each regular season football game broadcast on
the Utah Sports Radio Network (12 broadcasts)

? I Network :30 - Post-game - :30 post-game commercial spot during cach regular season football game
broadcast on the Utah Sports Radio Network (12 broadcasts)

? I Network :30 - Pre-game - :30 pre-game commercial spot during each regular season football game broadcast
on the Utah Sports Radio Network (12 broadcasts)

? ? Each time Utah enters the Red Zone, Bill Riley (play by-play radio voice) will mention this on air on the Utes
Sports Radio Network (ESPN 700 and affiliate stations.) This mention will include a tag-line message for
University Credit Union to be read after the mention. Tag-linc message can last no more than five (05)
seconds,

