ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

ii. The total amount of net retail purchase transaction volume made by members
during the preceding quarter that are designated as a RC credit card.

14. tndemnification by the Credit Union. To the extent permitted by law, the Credit Union will
defend, indemnify and hold RC, including individuals in both their official and personal
capacities, harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, damages, judgements,
liabilities, losses and expenses including without limitation property damage, personal or bodily
injury to or death of any person, and reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses of litigation
to which RC may become subject, actual or allegedly arising out of or relating to:

a. Any failure of the Credit Union to observe or perform any covenants, conditions,
agreements or obligations on the Credit Union?s part to be observed or performed,
pursuant to this Agreement;

b. Any financial and/or other relationship between the Credit Union and a
customer/member;

c. Any other action or omission of the Credit Union.

15. Indemnification by RC. To the extent permitted by law, RC will defend, indemnify and hold the
Credit Union, including individuals in both their official and personal capacities, harmless from
and against any and ail claims, demands, suits, damages, judgements, liabilities, losses and
expenses including without limitation property damage, personal or bodily injury to or death of
any person, and reasonable attorneys? fees and actual expenses of litigation to which the Credit
Union may become subject, actual or allegedly arising out of or relating to:

a. Any failure of RC to observe or perform any covenants, conditions, agreements or
obligatians on the RC's part to be observed or performed, pursuant to this Agreement;
b. Any financial and/or other relationship between RC and a customer/member;
Any other action or omission of the RC

16. Legal Compliance. The Credit Union will comply with all applicable federal, Michigan and local
statues, ordinances, rules, regulations and requirements, including without limitation all:
a. Nondiscrimination laws
b. Banking laws and regulations
c. Standards of any federal and/or Michigan agency with competent jurisdiction.

17. Default.
a. Credit Union Default. The Credit Union will be in default of this Agreement(?Credit
Union Default?) if and when:
i, The Credit Union fails to observe and perform any covenant, condition,

agreement or obligation on the Credit Union's part to be observed or performed
pursuant to this Agreement, and such failure continues for a period of 30
calendar days after written notice to cure has been delivered to the Credit
Union by RC that specifies such default and requests that such default be

