This Agreement is entered into as of

ROCHESTER COLLEGE STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUND
AFFINITY CREDIT CARD AGREEMENT

(the ?Effective Date?) by

Rochester College (RC}, a not-for-profit, private, liberal arts, Christian college and Chief Financial Federal
Credit Union (Credit Union).
1. Definitions

The parties agree the following words and phrases will have the following meanings:

a.
b.
c.

Agreement means this License Agreement for the Affinity Credit Card Program.
Student means Rochester College students.
Applicable Law means

1. any applicable of federal, state, or local statues, regulations, licensing requirements,

regulatory bulletins or guidance, regulatory examinations, agreements or orders
2. any rule, regulation, restriction, requirement or contractual term of Visa or
MasterCard or any other credit card network

3. any judicial or administrative interpretations of any of the foregoing.
Credit Card Account means any member who has a credit card issued by the Credit Union as
a part of the Program.
Credit Union means Chief Financial Federal Credit Union and its directors, officers,
members, employees, agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, designees,
successors and assigns.
RC means Rochester College.
Customer or Member means a person who applies for and/or receives a Credit Card
through this Program.
Licensed Use({s) means use of the RC Marks for Marketing and/or display on Credit Cards.
Mailing List means a current list containing non-duplicate names, with corresponding valid
postal addresses and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes) and e-mail
addresses of all RC students, alumni, employees and friends who are at least eighteen years
of age.
Marketing means all marketing, information and/or materials developed by the Credit
Union, or on its behalf, related in any way to this Agreement, including without limitation all
signs, advertising, publicity releases, invitations, announcements, targeted mailings,
solicitations, promotions, pamphlets, brochures, flyers, presentations, posters, promotions,
items and electronic and/or digital communications.
Program means the affinity credit card program sponsored by the Credit Union pursuant to
this Agreement
Royalty or Royalties means the amount(s) that the Credit Union will pay to RC that accrue
and are payable under this Agreement.
CFCU means Chief Financial Credit Union
Visa means Visa U.S.A., Inc., a privately held Delaware membership corporation.

2. Credit Card Details. The Credit Union will offer a variable interest rate credit card with an interest
rate equal to CFCU?s current Platinum Visa rate. The APR will vary with the market based on the
Prime Rate. The Prime Rate is defined as the Wall Street Journal Published Prime (if published in a

