Unforeseen Events. Should BSUAA, due to public emergency or necessity, legal restrictions, pre-empted
broadcasts, labor disputes, strikes, boycotts, acts of God or similar reasons, including, but not limited to,
mechanical breakdowns beyond the control and without the fault of BSUAA, be unable to perform any of its
obligations hereunder, it shall not be liable to Sponsor except to the extent of (i} providing suitable ?make goods?
approved by Sponsor and BSUAA, or (ii) allowing a pro rata rate reduction on Sponsor's payments under this
Agreement. Sponsor agrees, if for any reason there are any changes to the benefits to be provided it at any time
during the Term, then BSUAA, on Sponsor's behalf, will use its best efforts to acquire similar make-good benefits as
are mutually agreeable to Sponsor and BSUAA. If Sponsor and BSUAA are unable to agree mutually upon any such
make-good benefits, then BSUAA will promptly give Sponsor a pro rata credit (or, if necessary, a pro rata refund of
fees already paid) for benefits not already provided hereunder. This section identifies Sponsor?s sole remedy(ies)
with respect to the above-recited event(s).

Assignment. This Agreement is personal to Sponsor. Neither this Agreement nor any of Sponsor?s rights hereunder
shall be sold, transferred, or assigned by Sponsor without BSUAA?s prior written approval, and no rights shall
devolve by operation of law or otherwise upon any Sponsor assignee, receiver, liquidator, trustee or other party.
Any such unauthorized assignment shall be void and of no effect unless approved by BSUAA in writing. Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon any approved Sponsor assignee or successor, and this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of BSUAA, its successors, and permitted assigns.

Miscellaneous. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to its subject
matter, supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements (whether oral or in writing} between the Parties
concerning such subject matter and may be modified or amended only by a written instrument signed by each
Party. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party (i) the individual signing this Agreement on its behalf
is duly authorized to do so, and (ii) no representations have been made or relied upon by either Party other than
those expressly provided for. This Agreement may be executed via delivery of a facsimile transmission or other
commonly used electronic means (e.g., via a PDF attachment) in one or more counterpart(s), each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. No agent,
employee or other representative of either Party is empowered to alter any of this Agreement?s terms, unless in a
written instrument signed by an authorized officer or agent of the appropriate Party. A waiver by either Party of
any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement in any instance will not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of
such term or condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof. This Agreement will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Utah, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules.

Product and Organization Descriptions. Descriptions of Sponsor or any other company shall not be required to
include price information, endorsements, or inducements to purchase any product of sponsor, but rather any such
description shall be value-neutral; provided, however, that BSUAA?s acknowledgment may include Sponsor's logos
and slogans that are an established part of the Sponsor?s identity.

Non-Use of Names. Sponsor hereby grants BSUAA worldwide royalty-free permission to use authorized logos and
brands of Sponsor, with the written agreement of Sponsor, to fulfill obligations resulting from this Agreement. The
rights provided herein are bound to the lifetime of the materials related to the event, printed or electronic.

Page 5 of 6
