2.2

3.1

3.2

3.3

41

4.2

4.3

2.1.2 construct, host and maintain a Hosted Website, which will include your Affinity
Group Content and will allow your Members to obtain information about the
benefits of the Cards via a link from Your Website;

2.1.3. provide a link from the Hosted Website to the Bank?s Website, to allow
applicants to apply for Cards;

2.1.4 pay to you the Rewards in accordance with Section 3; and

2.1.5 provide you with Bank Authorized Materials and marketing advice from time to
time to help you optimize the success of the Program.

Bank shall underwrite, establish, maintain and service Applications and Accounts in
accordance with Bank?s credit criteria, policies and procedures and Cardholder
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time at Bank?s sole discretion,
but at all times in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, and in a manner
which is not materially different from or materially less favorable than the manner in
which Bank deals with all similar card applications and accounts.

REWARDS TO BE PAID BY BANK TO YOU

In consideration of your participation in the Program and the performance of your other
obligations under this Agreement, the Bank shall pay you the Rewards set forth in
Schedule 1 hereto.

Payments of Rewards by Bank to you shall be made in immediately available funds not
later than thirty (30) days following the end of each Quarter, via automated
clearinghouse credit to a deposit account that specify, or by such other substitute
payment method chosen by Bank upon notice to you.

All amounts referred to in this Agreement shall be paid in US Dollars. You are
responsible for any taxes payable on the amount of your Rewards.

YOUR OBLIGATIONS

You agree to provdie a link from Your Website to the Hosted Website to allow your
Members to obtain information about the Program and to apply for Cards.

Subject to Section 4.5, you shall use all reasonable efforts to promote the Program to
each Member, taking into account Bank?s advice and recommendations in respect
thereof, as may from time to time be notified to you by Bank, and, where reasonably
practicable, complying with such advice and recommendations. Provided you are not
prohibited from doing so by applicable law, you agree to send a email promoting the
Program to all Members no less than twice a Year for the duration of the Term,
Furthermore, you agree to ensure that an image banner advertisement containing a
URL link to the Online Card Application Page on the Hosted Website (as contained in
the Marketing Tool Kit) is displayed on Your Webpage homepage for the duration of the
Term.

You acknowledge and agree that Bank shall own each Account and shall extend credit
with respect to each Account, and you shall not be considered to be a creditor on any

2
