7.2

7.3

7.4

7.5

7.6

7.7

Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall renew for successive one year
renewal periods (each, a "Renewal Period") on the same terms and conditions, without
further notice from one Party to the other, unless terminated by either Party by notice
served not less than ninety (90) days prior to the expation of the Initial Term or the then
current Renewal Period.

Either Party may by notice terminate the Agreement if the other Party is in default of
any material obligation under this Agreement and either:

7.3.1 the default is capable of remedy and the defaulting Party shall have failed to
remedy the default within 30 days of notice to the defaulting Party specifying the
default and requiring its remedy; or

7.3.2 the default is not capable of remedy.

Bank shall have the option to terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written
notice to you without cause.

If either Party becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets, it is adjudicated
insolvent, or files for or is subject to any insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization
proceeding (excluding any involuntary petition dismissed or discharged within sixty days
of filing), it makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors prior to bankruptcy, it is
unable to meet or has ceased paying its obligations as they generally become due, or it
applies for or is subject to receivership, trusteeship, conservatorship or liquidation, then
the other Party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Termination of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any rights or obligations
which shall have accrued prior to such termination.

Upon the termination of this Agreement:

7.7.1. you acknowledge and agree that Bank shall continue to own the right, title and
interest in and to each relevant Account;

7.7.2 you will not, within one (1) year after termination, solicit or assist a new Card
provider that you may select to offer a Card program similar to the Program
established under this Agreement to solicit applications from Members who have
opened Accounts with Bank to change their Card to one issued by the new Card
issuer.

7.7.3 Bank shall:

7.7.3.1 notify each Cardholder that the Program is no longer associated with
you. Such notice will be delivered in a format and manner consistent
with Bank?s ordinary practice in use at the time of the notice; and

7.7.3.2 promptly upon termination of this Agreement, Bank shall discontinue use
of your Brand Features or Content on the Website and in any marketing
materials related to the Program used by Bank, and shall cease to use
your Brand Features or Content on any Bank Approved Materials;
provided, however, that Bank shall shall not be required to reissue Cards
that do not include your Brand Features or Content until the expiration of
each such Card previously issued to a Member.

7.7.4. you shall immediately:
