?Hosted Website?

"Initial Term"

"Intellectual Property Rights"

?Loss?

?Member?

?Party?

?personnel?

"Privacy Rules"

?Program?

?Quarter?

means a website to be constructed and maintained by
Bank that will be available to you and to potential
Applicants via a link from Your Website, that describes
the Card Program, contains your Affinity Group Content,
and that enables us to administer the Program, and that
will contain a link to the Bank Website for the purpose of
accepting applications from potential Applicants.

means the period between the Effective Date and the
end of the period set forth in Schedule 1 hereto.

copyright, design rights, rights in databases, moral
rights, trade marks, service marks, trade and business
names, patents, rights in inventions and other intellectual
property rights, in each case whether registered or
unregistered and including applications for the grant of
the foregoing and all rights or forms of protection having
equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing which
may subsist anywhere in the world.

any damages, loss, costs, claims or expenses (including
without prejudice to Section 8.2, loss of profit, data,
revenue, use, goodwill, reputation, anticipated savings,
market or business (whether direct, indirect, special,
consequential, pecuniary, non-pecuniary or otherwise)
whatsoever and howsoever caused and any indirect
special or consequential damages, loss, costs, claims or
expenses of any kind).

means members of your Affinity Group, its supporters
and other interested members of the general public.

means you or Bank, and ?Parties? shall mean both of us.

means the officers, directors, and employees of the
relevant party.

means Title V of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act 1999 and
its implementing regulations applicable to national banks
(12 CFR Part 40), the Interagency Guidelines
Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer
Information and state laws regarding the privacy and
security of consumers? personal information.

means the affinity card program created under this
Agreement, by which your Members, using the Hosted
Website, can receive information about how to support
your Affinity Group by applying to Bank for Cards
containing your Brand Features, which application will
take place at Bank?s Website, and by which you will be
paid Rewards in accordance with the Agreement.

each period of three calendar months ending on March 31,
June 30, September 30 and December 31 in each Year.
