(b)

(?)

@)

O)

@

03-08-16

provided herein (the ?Cure Period?), then this Agreement will terminate thirty
(30) days after the Cure Period. A material breach includes, but is not limited to,
violation of any of the following section: 3(a), 3(d), 5(d), 5(e), 6 and 9.

If either UWCU or WAA becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its assets
or it is unable to meet or it has ceased paying its obligations as they generally
become due, or it is adjudicated insolvent, ?or takes advantage of-or is subject to
any insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or
is subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the other party may
immediately terminate this Agreement.

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this, Agreement, UWCU will, except

.as set forth in Section 11(d) of this Agreement, cease to use the WAA and UW-

Madison Trademarks for Program marketing purposes, provided that UWCU may
conclude all solicitations required by law. Upon the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, UWCU will not claim any right, title, or interest in
or to the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks or to the Mailing Lists.

UWCU will have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in
connection with, relating or referring to the expiration or earlier termination of
this Agreement to be communicated by WAA or any WAA Affiliate to the
Members. ?Such approval will not be unreasonably withheld. Upon the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement, WAA will allow UWCU to continue to
use the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks on, and will not attempt to cause the
removal of WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks from, any person?s Credit or
Debit Card Account, devices, checks or records of any Customer existing as of
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement until their normally scheduled
reissue date or exhaustion.

In the event that a change in governing campus banking or affinity relationships,
Applicable Law has or will significantly change the costs or benefits of this
Agreement to either party, the party may, with ninety (90) days written notice,
terminate this Agreement or request renegotiation of its terms.

For a one (1) year period immediately following the expiration or earlier
termiriation of this Agreeiment for any reason, WAA agrees that neither WAA nor
any WAA Affiliate will, by itself or in conjunction with others, directly or
indirectly, target any offer of an Affinity Card Program to persons who were
Customers of UWCU. Notwithstanding the foregoing, WAA may, after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, offer persons who were
Customers the opportunity to participate in another financial service program
endorsed by WAA, provided the opportunity is not only made available to such
persons but rather as a part of a general solicitation to all Alumni and provided
further that persons are not directly or indirectly identified as a customer of
UWCU, or offered any terms or incentives that differ from those offered to all
Members.

1
