causes of action, and claims, and will reimburse UWCU?s costs, fees and
expenses in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys? fees and court
expenses), arising from the WAA Trademarks license granted herein or from
UWCU?s proper use of the WAA and UW-Madison Tradematks in reliance
thereon, or from the proper use of any Mailing List(s) by UWCU for the Program.
Each party will promptly notify the other party upon learaing of any claims or
complaints relating to the license or the use of any WAA and UW-Madison
Trademarks or Mailing Lists.

() Notwithstanding anything i in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties intend the

03-08-16

Indemnification provision applies to Losses incurred by a party in connection
with a breach of any representation or warranty in this Section 5.

COMPENSATION FOR LICENSES AND MARKETING SUPPORT

(a) During the Term of this Agreement, UWCU shall pay WAA Two Hundred
Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($275,000) annually.

(b) The first payment shall be made by wire transfer to an account designated by
WAA upon execution of this Agreement and subsequent payments shall be made
on the anniversary date of the Effective Date of this Agreement.

REMEDY FOR BREACH OF EXCLUSIVITY AND TRADEMARK LICENSE
RIGHTS:

Ini the event the WAA breaches the exclusivity provision of Section 3(a), and 3(d) or the
trademark representation and warranty in Section 5(d), UWCU will have the right to
terminate this Agreement with thirty (30) days written notice and receive a refund of the
compensation set forth in Section 6 as follows:

In the first two (2) years of the contract, the entire amount paid by UWCU; and

Thereafter throughout the term of the contract, on a prorated basis based on the timing of
the breach by WAA.

PROGRAM ADJU: STMENTS ~

UWCU has the right to make periodic adjustments to the Affinity Card Program,
including, without limitation, changes to its terms and features. In addition, Accounts
may, as a benefit under the Affinity Card Program, be offered opportunities to select
credit protection and other products and services.

CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

(a) Except as provided for by Applicable Law, the terms of this Agreement, any
; proposal, financial information and proprietary information provided by or on,
behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporancously with, or
subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement (?Confidential Information?) are ?
