03-08-16

and, when available, telephone numbers (including area codes) and email
addresses of all Members and alumni who are at least eighteen years of age,
segmented by zip codes or other mutually selected membership characteristics.

?Marketing Plan? has the meaning given to the term in Section 3(j).

?Member? means an Alumnus, a Student, a UWCU Member and/or other
potential participants mutually agreed to in writing by WAA and UWCU.

?Program? means those programs and services, and the promotion thereof, that
UWCU agrees to offer pursuant to this Agreement to the Members from time to
time.

?Program Performance Report? means a list comprised of an aggregate report
comprising total open accounts from Credit Card Accounts and Debit Card
Accounts, the total number of transactions, transaction dollar amounts, total credit
line amounts, and ending balances in each type of account.

?Program Trademarks? means any design, image, visual representation, logo,
service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark developed either jointly or by -
either party including its Affiliates during the term of this Agreement and used to
promote or identify products or services offered by UWCU through the Program.
Program Trademarks may but need not necessarily consist of a WAA Trademark,
with or without other elements.

?Reward Account? means a Credit Card Account carrying a Reward? ?
Enhancement.

?Reward Enhancement? means a reward enhancement as provided through  ?

UWCU and offered as part of the Program. A Reward Enhancement may be
marketed under a name (e.g., bonus points or cash rebates), as determined by
UWCU from time to time, in its sole discretion.

?Student? means a person who is enrolled at the University of Wisconsin ?
Madison. ,

?UWCU Member? means any Member of UWCU.

?WAA Affiliate? means any Affiliate of WAA.

??WAA Information? means any and all information collected by the WAA from

or about Members and provided to UWCU on the Mailing List.

?WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks? means any design, image, visual
representation, logo, service mark, trade dress, trade name, or trademark used or
acquired by WAA or UW-Madison or any Affiliate prior to or during the Term of

this Agreement. .
