03-08-16

(a)

(b)

@

()

with the following objectives and principles, as well as other objectives and
principles agreed to by the parties from time to time:

@ reviewing products and services that are responsive to the needs of
Accountholders and Members;

Gi) maintaining the integrity of the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks and
the Program Trademarks, and the quality of services provided pursuant t to this
Agreement and the Program, .

(iii) ~?ccreating and capitalizing on opportunities to market the Affinity Card

Program to Members; and

(iv) identifying other WAA and Affiliate programs and event sponsorship. for
UWCU to choose to invest in.

?RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF UWCU

UWCU will design, develop, maintain, and administer the Affinity Card Program
for the Members.

UWCU will design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials used in
the Affinity Card Program. UWCU teserves the right of prior written approval of
all materials concerning or related to the Affinity Card Program that may be -
developed by or oh behalf of WAA. ,

Exception as provided otherwise in this Agreement, UWCU will bear all costs of
producing and distributing materials for the Affinity Card Program.

UWCU will make all credit decisions and will bear all credit risks with respect to
each Customer?s account(s) independently of WAA.

UWCU will use each Mailing List, and any and all information derived or
compiled directly from any Mailing List(s), solely for the ?purposes of
(i) evaluating a Member for the Affinity Card Program; (ii) marketing or
soliciting such Member for the Affinity Card Program, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and Applicable Law; and (iii) evaluating and reporting
on overall Affinity Card Program performance. UWCU shall require its affiliates,
agents ?and representatives handling the Mailing Lists to keep Mailing Lists
confidential and secure, and to use them for no purposes other than as set forth in
this Section 4(e). UWCU will have the sole right to designate Members on these
Mailing Lists to whom, promotional material will be sent. These Mailing Lists
and any and all information derived or compiled directly from: any Mailing
List(s), are and will remain the sole property of WAA. Except as expressly
provided in this Section 4(e), UWCU may not use, disclose, rent or ?sell any
Mailing Lists. However, UWCU may maintain separately and will own all
information that it obtains as a result of an account relationship, inquiry about an
Affinity Card Program or an application for an accountrelationship with UWCU.
