AFFINITY AND LICENSE AGREEMENT
?WISCONSIN ALUMNI ASSOCIATION

This Agreement is entered into a8 of this 15? day of March, 2016 (the ?Effective Date?)
by and between the University of Wisconsin Credit Union (??UWWCU?), a not-for-profit
cooperative with its headquarters in Madison, Wisconsin and Wisconsin Alumni Association
(?WAA?), a division of the University of Wisconsin Foundation (?Foundation?) d/b/a the
Wisconsin Foundation and Alumni Association, having its principal place of business at 650
North Lake Street, Madison, Wisconsin 53706, for themselves and their respective successors
and assigns. ,

WHEREAS, the University of Wisconsin Foundation (?Foundation?) is the official.
fundraising and gift-receiving organization for the University of Wisconsin-Madison
(?University? or ?UW-Madison?;

WHEREAS, the WAA, a division of the Foundation, promotes the welfare of the
University of Wisconsin ? Madison and the interest of its alomani, including offering alumni
affinity credit and debit cards ; and

WHEREAS, the University of Wisconsin - Madison agreed that WAA may enter into an
exclusive agreement with UWCU to offer affinity credit and debit cards for the University of
Wisconsin - Madison.

WHEREAS, the UWCU focuses its retail banking services on the needs of the University
of Wisconsin ? Madison campus community and those individuals with an affinity to the
University of Wisconsin ? Madison; and

WHEREAS, the WAA and the UWCU wish to collaborate to offer an Affinity Card
Program to University of Wisconsin ? Madison alumni.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, WAA and UWCU agree as follows: .

1. DEFINITIONS

?When used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized words and phrases will
have the meanings ascribed to themi as set forth below:

?Account? means any Debit or Credit Card account held by an individual Alumni
Member and any UWCU Member.

?Accountholder? means an individual who has an open Credit or Debit Card
Account at UWCU.

?Affiliate? means, with respect to any entity or organization, any other entity or
organization directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with such entity or organization. The'term ?controlling,? ?controlled
by? and ?under common control with?. means the possession, directly or

03-08-16 1
