12,

13,

03-08-16

PROGRAM PERFORMANCE REPORT

(a) Furnishing the Program Performance Report. If no notice of termination has been
given by either party, UWCU will, at a minimum, annually furnish a Program
Performance Report to WAA.

(b) Permitted Use of Program Performance Report. WAA shall not use the Program
Performance Report for any purpose not expressly permitted by UWCU in this
Agreement or in a separate writing, WAA agrees to secure the Program _
Performance Report in accordance with the requirements of this Section and
UWCU?s instructions, as communicated by UWCU to WAA from time to time,
WAA will only permit access to the Program Performance Report to those
employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives of WAA who need such
access to perform their duties relating to this Agreement. WAA shall instruct all
those employees, volunteers, agents, and/or representatives who work with any
Program Performance Report of WAA?s duties and limitations under this
Agreement.

(c) No Transfer of Program Performance Report. All Program Performance Reports
are confidential and remain the sole property of UWCU even when in WAA?s
possession. WAA will keep all Program Performance Reports confidential and
will not make any copies of any kind or transfer, provide, trade, give away, barter,
lend, send, sell, or otherwise disclose (collectively ?transfer?) any Program
Performance Report to any other entity or individual for any reason, except as
required by this Agreement or unless agreed to in writing by UWCU prior to any
such transfer. If WAA teceives a request or demand to disclose a Program
Performance Report pursuant to a subpoena, order of court of competent
jurisdiction or by judicial or administrative agency or legislative body or
committee, WAA shall: (i) immediately notify UWCU of the existence, terms,
and circumstances surrounding such request; (ii) consult with UWCU on the
advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow such request; and
(iii) if disclosure of such Program Performance Report is required or deemed
advisable, exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance
that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Program
Performance Report to be disclosed that UWCU designates.

CROSS INDEMNIFICATION

WAA and UWCU each will indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its directors,
officers, agents, employees, affiliates, insurers, successors and assigns (the
?Indemnitees?) from and against any and all liability, causes of action, claims,
investigations, and the reasonable and actual costs incurred in connection therewith
(?Losses?), resulting from the material breach of this Agreement (including any
representatives or warranty) by WAA or UWCU, respectively as the case may be, or its
directors, officers or employees. UWCU will indemnify and hold harmless WAA, its
Indemmnitees, from and against Losses, which arises out of a violation of applicable
Wisconsin or federal law by UWCU, its employees, agents or contractors, in which WAA

12,
