03-08-16

(g)

(ny

@

0)

any Member who has expressly requested that WAA not provide his/her personal
information to third parties.

WAA will, and will cause any WAA Affiliates to, only provide information to or
otherwise communicate with Members or potential Members about the Affinity
Card Program with UWCU?s prior written approval, except for current
advertising and solicitation materials provided by UWCU to WAA. In the event
WAA receives individual inquiries regarding the Affinity Card Program from its
Members, WAA will refer those individual inquiries to UWCU for response. Any
correspondence received by WAA that is intended for UWCU (e.g., applications,
payments, billing inquiries, etc.) will be forwarded to the UWCU account
executive within twenty-four (24) hours of receipt.

WAA hereby grants UWCU and its Affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use
the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks with the Affinity Card Program and on
existing and new credit and debit cards for all other of UWCU?s Accountholders.
This license will remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and will
apply to the WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of
such WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any
permitted successor, corporation, organization, individual or Affiliate. WAA will
provide UWCU all WAA and UW-Madison Trademark production materials
required by UWCU for the Affinity Card Program as soon as possible but no later
than thirty (30) days after WAA?s execution of this Agreement. Nothing stated in
this Agreement prohibits WAA from granting to other persons a license to use the
WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except.for any Affinity Card Program.

All Program Trademarks, with the exception of Program Trademarks that coisist -
of or contain a WAA or UW-Madison Trademark, with or without other elements,
shall belong exclusively to UWCU and UWCU may use such Program
Trademarks in any manner not prohibited by this Section 3(). WAA or UW-
Madison may not use any Program Trademark, except to promote the Affinity
Catd Program or any goods or services offered by UWCU through the Affinity
Card Program. WAA or UW-Madison shall not register or attempt to register any
Program Trademark. UWCU shall not register or attempt to register any WAA or
UW-Madison Trademark. UWCU may use Program Trademarks that contain
WAA and UW-Madison Trademarks to promote or identify the Affinity Card
Program and any products or services offered by UWCU through the Affinity
Card Program at no cost to UWCU, but only during the term of this Agreement.

After execution of this Agreement and once every July during the term of the
Agreement, beginning July 2017, UWCU and WAA shall develop a marketing
plan for the ensuing twelve months (the ?Marketing Plan?). UWCU and WAA
may choose to meet either formally or informally. The Marketing Plan shall
include the marketing campaigns and other efforts to be undertaken by the parties
during the applicable period and may be modified throughout the applicable year
upon mutual agreement by both parties. Each Marketing Plan will be consistent
