indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by conttact or
otherwise, ?For-purposes of clarity, Affiliates of the WAA include the University
of Wisconsin ? Madison and all its programs, departments and offices including
the Wisconsin Union, the athletic department and any separate booster clubs that
support the University of Wisconsin ? Madison athletics or any of the University
of Wisconsin ? Madison programs, departments or offices, and regional alumni
chapters and alumni affiliate organizations. ?

?Affinity Card Program? means a credit or debit card issued to Accountholders
by UWCU.

?Agreement? means this Affinity and License Agreement with the Wisconsin
Alumni Association. :

?Alumnus? means a foriner student of UW-Madison as held in the records of the
Wisconsin Alumni Association.

?Applicable Law? means, at any time, any applicable (i) federal, state, and local
statutes, regulations, licensing requirements, regulatory bulletins or guidance,
regulatory examinations, agreements or orders, (ii) regulations, by-laws and rules
of any applicable self-regulatory organizations, (iii) rule, regulation, restriction,
requirement or contractual term of VISA, MasterCard, American Express or other
card network and (iv) judicial or administrative interpretations of any of the
foregoing. .

?Card Association? means the credit card association or network at UWCU?s
sole discretion. ~ :

?Confidential Information? has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.

?Contract Year? means from the Effective Date each consecutive twelve-month

_ period during the term of this Agreement: _

03-08-16

?Credit Card Account? means an open-end consumer credit account opened
pursuant to the Program.

?Customer? means any Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Debit Card Account? means a checking account with a debit card, opened
pursuant to the Program.

?Deposit Account? means a consumer deposit account opened pursuant to the
Program. :

?Mailing List? means an updated and current list in a format agreed to by the .
patties, containing non-duplicate names (including without limitation names of
business owners or authorized officers), with corresponding valid postal addresses
