thereof. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall
apply to the Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by operation
of law or otherwise to any permitted successor, corporation, organization or individual.
Nothing stated in this Agreement prohibits Alumni from granting to other persons a
license or sublicense to use the Trademarks in conjunction with the providing of any
other service or product, except for any Financial Service Products. In addition, USF
FCU acknowledges the continuing obligations of Alumni under its prior Affinity
Agreement with FIA Card Services, N.A. and agrees that no use of the Trademarks made
in compliance with the contractual obligations remaining under such contract shall
constitute a breach of the exclusive license granted herein.

(h) With prior Alumni approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, Alumni shall
permit USF FCU to inform Alumni about the Financial Service Products on USF FCU's
home page and at other prominent locations within the internet site of USF FCU. USF
FCU shall modify or remove such information within two business days of Alumni?s
request.

(i) During the term of the Agreement, Alumni shall provide to USF FCU, at no
additional cost, space for the Financial Service Products in Alumni Association
communications. The USF FCU may establish a link on the Alumni home page and other
prominent locations within the intemet site of Alumni. The link will be to a USF FCU
created web-page specifically designed for the Affinity Agreement. This web page will
contain information about the Program and an application for Financial Service Products.
Alumni shall modity or remove such information with two business days of USF FCU
request.

Gj) Alumni acknowledges that USF FCU shall own any accounts held by Members
and that Alumni shall have no right to any proceeds, ownership interest or any other
interest in the accounts held by Members either during the Term or after the expiration of
the Term.

3. RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF USF FCU

(a) USF FCU shall design, develop and administer the Financial Service Products for
Member.

(b) USF FCU shall design all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials with
regard to the Financial Service Products. The USF Alumni Association reserves the right
to review and approve these materials prior to use. USF FCU reserves the right to
approve all advertising and solicitation materials concerning or related to the Financial
Services Products, which may be developed by or on behalf of Alumni.

(c) USF FCU shall bear all costs of producing and mailing materials to promote the
Financial Service Products. When mutually agreed upon. joint marketing materials will
be developed at a shared cost to maximize efficiency.

4

vant
