(a)

(c)

(d

In the event of any material breach of this Agreement by USF FCU or Alumni, the
other party may terminate this Agreement by giving notice, as provided herein, to the
breaching party. This notice shall (i) describe the material breach: and (ii) state the
party's intention to terminate this Agreement. [f the breaching party does not cure or
substantially cure such breach within sixty (60) davs after receipt of notice. as
provided herein (the "Cure Period"), then this Agreement shall terminate sixty (60)
days after the Cure Period and all amounts paid or earned through the date of
termination shall be retained by Alumni.

{f either USF FCU or Alumni becomes insolvent in that its liabilities exceed its
assets, or is adjudicated insolvent, or takes advantage of or is subject to any
insolvency proceeding, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or is
subject to receivership, conservatorship or liquidation then the other party may
immediately terminate this Agreement.

Upon termination of this Agreement, USF FCU shall, in a manner consistent with this
Agreement, cease to use the Trademarks. USF FCU agrees that upon such termination
it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the Trademarks or to the Mailing
Lists provided pursuant to this Agreement. However, USF FCU may conclude all
solicitation that is required by law. For clarity, Alumni agrees that USF FCU license
to use the Trademarks shall continue on a non-exclusive basis with respect to all
Financial Service Products issued to Customers prior to termination or expiration of
the Agreement until the termination or expiration of the Financial Service Products.
USF FCU agrees that it will not force reissue credit or debit cards within three (3)
months of the termination date of this agreement or expiration of this agreement.

USF FCU shall have the right to prior review and approval of any notice in
connection with, relating or reterring to the termination of this Agreement to be
communicated by Alumni to the Members. USF FCU's approval shall be limited to
remarks that could be considered disparaging to USF FCU, its affiliates, the Program
or the Agreement. Any notice shall be factually accurate.

In the event that a material change in any applicable law, statute, operating rule or
regulation, or any material change in any operating rule or regulation of either VISA
or MasterCard makes the continued performance of this Agreement under the then
current terms and conditions unduly burdensome, then USF FCU shall have the right
to consult with Alumni regarding the impact of this change. The parties shall use
their best efforts to agree upon actions which will address the impact of such change
to their mutual satisfaction.

Fora one (1) year period following the termination of this Agreement for any reason,
Alumni agrees that neither Alumni nor any Alumni Association Affiliate shall, by
itself or in conjunction with others, directly specifically target any offer of a credit or
charge card, or a credit or charge card related product to persons who were
Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing. Alumni may, after termination of this
Agreement. offer persons who were Customers the opportunity to participate in

com
