(h)

(k)

(0)

Program.
?Customer? means any USF FCU Member who is a participant in the Program.

?Financial Service Products? means credit card programs and charge card
programs. This definition also includes branded debit card and Auto Buving
programs as to the Alumni. but excludes Alumni Association Affiliates including
but not limited to USF.

?Mailing Lists? means updated and current lists or electronic files (in a format

designated by USF FCU) containing names, postal addresses of Members
segmented by zip codes or reasonably selected membership characteristics. The
mailing list shall not include the name and/or address regarding any person who
has Opted Out within the alumni privacy policy.

?Member? means: (1) an undergraduate or graduate student of the University of

South Florida (each a ?Student Member?); and (ii), alumni of the University, a
member of the Alumni Association, faculty and staff of the University, and/or
other potential participants mutually agreed to by Alumni and USF FCU (each a
Member?).

~Program? means those programs and services of the Financial Service Products.

?Royalties? means the compensation set forth in Section 5.

~Trademarks" means the names. designs. images, visual representations, logos.

service marks, trademarks, or trade names of Alumni Association Trademarks
and the University Trademarks, plus any subsequently developed or acquired
trademarks designated for similar purposes.

?University? means University of South Florida and any office or department of,

or affiliated or associated with, the University of South Florida .

?University Trademark? means any design. image, visual representation, logo,

service mark, trade dress. trade name, or trademark used or acquired by the
University during the term of this Agreement.

?Reward Credit Card Account? means a credit card carrving the Reward

Enhancement and opened pursuant to the Program.

?Rewards Program? means any programs. additional value or third party bonus

provided to Members as a result of their use of a Credit Card.

Rok

Kea
