of this Agreement that there is no entity or organization, except as previously identified.
(including any Alumni Association Affiliate) that can use, license or sub-license the
Alumni Association Trademarks in connection with any Financia! Service Products, that
has access to the Mailing List in connection with any Financial Service Products.
Alumni will hold USF FCU, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates,
successors and assigns harmless from and against all liability, causes of action, and
claims. and will reimburse USF FCU's reasonable and actual costs in connection
therewith, arising from the Trademark license granted herein or from USF FCU's use of
the Trademarks in reliance thereon, or from the use of any Mailing List(s) by USF FCU
for the promotion of the Program. Each party shall promptly notify the other party in the
manner provided herein upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to such
license or the use of any Trademarks. For a period of at least equal to the term of this
Agreement, Alumni represents and warrants to USF FCU that it has full right and
authority to assure compliance with Alumni Association?s obligation under this
Agreement by the University and Athletics.

5. ROYALTIES

As consideration for the rights granted to USF FCU by Alumni and for the
exclusive rights and responsibilities of Alumni to USF FCU in this Agreement, USF FCU
shall pay the Base Licensing Amount, the Annual Sponsorship, and if applicable. the
Premium Incentive amounts to Alumni as specified below. USF FCU shall not be liable
for any other royalty payments or licensing fees of any kind in regard to this Agreement.
All obligations of USF FCU to make Royalty payments under this Agreement to Alumni
cease at termination, however, any royalties which are earned prior to the date of
termination but which have not been paid shall be paid within 30 days from the date of
termination.

(a) Base Licensing Amount ? USF FCU shall pay to Alumni One Million Thirty Eight
Thousand Dollars ($1,038,000.00) over the term of this Agreement, payable in sixty
(60) monthly installments as follows: Twenty-Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($22,500.00) in months one (1) through twelve (12); and Sixteen Thousand Dollars
($16,000.00) in months thirteen (13) through sixty (60). Each monthly payment
amount shall be due beginning August |, 2012 and on the first day of each month for
a total of sixty installments.

| Monthly Periods | Equal Monthly Installment Total Paid Annually |
' Months | through 12 ' $22,500.00 ?| $270,000.00 1
| Months 13 through 60 | $16,000.00 | $192.000.00 |

(b) Annual Sponsorship ? USF FCU shall pay to Alumni One Hundred Sixty Thousand
Dollars ($160.000.00) over the term of this Agreement. payable in five (5) annual
installments of Thirty-Two Thousand Dollars ($32.000.00). Each annual payment
amount shall be due on August [* during the five (5) year period of this Agreement.

(c) Premium Incentive - USF FCU shall pay to Alumni the greater of Zero Dollars or the
sum of the total monthly Premium Incentive as calculated by the event and revenue

6

KB
