6. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

USF FCU reserves the right to make periodic adjustments to the Program and its terms
and features. [n addition, Customers may be offered opportunities to select credit
protection as a benefit under the Program and other services. All changes to Program
will be communicated to Alumni in advance.

Tf. CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, any proposal, financial information and proprietary
information provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to,
contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution of this Agreement
("Information") are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be
disclosed by such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under this
Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing. USF FCU and Alumni Association shall be
permitted to disclose such Information (i) to their accountants, legal, financial and
marketing advisors, board of directors and advisory council, and employees as necessary
for the performance of their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to treat
the Information as confidential in the above described manner; and (ii) as required by law
or by any governmental regulatory authority provided that Alumni immediately notifies
USF FCU of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such request, consults
with USF FCU on the advisability of taking legally available steps to resist or narrow
such request, and if disclosure of such information is required or deemed advisable,
exercise its best efforts to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Information to be disclosed which USF
FCU designates.

USF FCU and its third party vendor shall hold the Mailing Lists in strict and absolute
confidence and shall not provide, sublicense, trade, give away, barter, lend, lease, or sell
the Mailing Lists.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT

The parties agree that the Agreement shall begin on August 1, 2012. The initial term of
this Agreement will end on July 31. 2017. This Agreement will automatically extend at
the end of the initial term or any renewal term for successive two-year periods, unless
either party gives written notice of its intention not to renew at least ninety (90) davs,
prior to the last date of such term or renewal term. as applicable.

2. STATE LAW GOVERNING AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Florida and
shall be deemed for all purposes to be made and fully performed in the State of Florida.

10. TERMINATION

ADS
