ATTENTION:
Richard J. Skaggs
President/CEO

An} party may change the address to which communications are to be sent by giving
written notice. as provided herein. of such change of address

(g) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and supersedes all prior promises and agreements. written
or oral, with respect to the matters covered herein. USF FCU may utilize the
services of a third party in fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement, subject
to approval by Alumni. Certain Financial Service Products or services under this
Agreement may be offered through USF FCU's affiliates.

(h) USF FCU and Alumni are not agents, representatives or employees of each other
and neither party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner
except as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement.

(i) Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed
to confer upon or give any person other than Alumni and USF FCU, their
successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Agreement. Alumni may assign this Agreement, provided, however, that Alumni
assigns the Agreement to an entity that has reasonable capacity to fulfill all
financial and performance obligations of USF FCU under the Agreement and
agrees in writing to assume such obligations.

j) Neither party shall be in breach hereunder by reason of its delay in the performance
of or failure to perform any of its obligations herein if such delay or failure is caused
by strikes, acts of God or the public enemy, riots, incendiaries, interference by civil or
military authorities. compliance with governmental laws, rules, regulations, delays in
transit or delivery. or any event beyond its reasonable control or without its fault or
negligence.

(k) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts. each of which shall be
deemed an original. but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

12. Indemnification

Alumni and USF FCU will indemnify and hold harmless the other party. its directors.
officers, agents, employees. affiliates, insurers. successors and assigns form and against
any and all liability, causes of action. claims, and the reasonable and actual costs incurred
in connection therewith (including reasonable attorney fees and the costs of defense)
resulting from either a material breach of this Agreement by either party. or, the negligent
or willful acts or omissions of the parties in connection with the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement. Each party shall promptly notify the other party in the

Il

KBI
