1.9.

1.10.

messaging. This communication may include either direct mail or email
communications co-branded with UT Arlington Athletics logos. UT Arlington
Athletics will be responsible for issuing these approved messages.

Community Involvement

1.9.1.

Texas Trust has the opportunity to be the presenting sponsor of a Texas
Trust branded community section in which fifty (50) of the best available
tickets will be provided to youth and school organizations for up to five (5)
mutually agreed upon UT Arlington Men's Basketball games, such program
to be named after Texas Trust, promoted reasonably at the games, and
administered by UTA. Texas Trust will notify UTA within thirty days of the
beginning of the Men's Basketball season whether it will use this promotion
and how many games.

Tickets & Hospitality

4.10.1.

Sponsor will receive four (4) suite season tickets to all home basketball games.

Sponsor will receive fifty (50) tickets ta two (2) select basketball games to be mutually agreed
upon by Sponsor and Licensee.

1.11.

4.10.2.

1.10.3.

1.10.4.

1.10.5.

1.10.6.

1.10.7.

Sponsor will receive season long hospitality and Club Passes to all home
basketball games.

Sponsor will receive eight (8) season tickets to all home baseball games.

Sponsor will receive twenty (20) tickets to one (1) other select baseball game to
be mutually agreed upon by Sponsor and Licensee.

Sponsor will receive four (4) season tickets to all home volleyball games.
Sponsor will receive one pregame happy hour and evening in the private suite for
one (1} select home Men's Basketball game to be mutually agreed upon by
Sponsor and Licensee.

Sponsor will receive a table at the Athletics Department All Sports Banquet.

Exclusivity

1.11.1,

Sponsor will be the exclusive sponsor of UT Arlington's Intercollegiate Athletics in
the category of Credit Union (the ?Exclusive Category?). For purposes of this
Agreement, exclusivity means the right of Sponsor to be designated as the only
Official Sponsor in the Exclusive Category

Financial Services

4.12.1.

Texas Trust Credit Union will have the exclusive right during the term of this
agreement to utilize approved UT Arlington Athletic logos to create a
customized UT Arlington Maverick Debit Card and UT Arlington Maverick
Credit Card that students, alumni, fans, and Arlington residents can use.
With the exception of currently existing products, no directly competing UT
Arlington Athletics cobranded debit card or credit card products will be
offered by the University during the term of this agreement and the
University represents that any currently existing products would not prohibit
the Texas Trust Credit Union products. Learfield- IMG College will coordinate
with Texas Trust to ensure all UT System guidelines are followed

de
