10.

General.

10.1 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between Sponsor and Licensee and will supersede any and all other agreements between the
parties whether verbal or otherwise. Any amendment or modification of this Agreement must be in
writing and signed by an authorized representative of both parties.

10.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application of such provision to any
Person or circumstance is held to be invalid, the remainder of this Agreement and the application
of such provision to other persons or circumstances will not be affected.

10.3 Confidentiality; Texas Public Information Act. Licensee and Sponsor agree that the amount
of the Sponsorship Payment paid by Sponsor under this Agreement is highly confidential. Licensee
and Sponsor will use their best efforts not to disclose such amounts to their personnel unless there
is a "need to know" in order to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. Each party agrees that it
will not disclose to any outside party (except University} the amount of the Sponsorship Payment
under this Agreement, unless (i) the disclosure is approved in writing and in advance by the other
party; or (ii) compelled to do so by subpoena or process or as ordered by a court (collectively,
?Process?). In the event that such a disclosure is sought by Process, then to the extent allowed by
law, the party upon whom Process is served will provide prompt written notice thereof to the other
party. Licensee and Sponsor further agree that they will require their attomeys, accountants,
financial advisors, insurance carriers, auditors, and all other agents, employees and independent
contractors to abide by the terms of this Section. Notwithstanding any terms and conditions herein
to the contrary, Sponsor understands and acknowledges that (i) University is an agency of the State
of Texas and is subject to the provisions of the Texas Public Information Act, Chapter 552, Texas
Government Code ("Act"), (ii) this Section 10.3 is not applicable to University; and (ii) nothing in
this Agreement will be construed to prevent or restrict University from full compliance with the Act.

10.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which when executed and delivered will constitute an original of this Agreement, but all the
counterparts will together constitute the same agreement. No counterpart will be effective until each
party has executed at least one counterpart.

10.6 Subject to Laws, Regulations and Rules. This Agreement and all rights granted under this
Agreement are subject to (i) all applicable federal, state, and municipal, laws, regulations, codes,
ordinances and orders (collectively, the ?Applicable Laws?), (ji) all existing contractual
arrangements and obligations of University; (iii) the constitution, bylaws, rules, legislation,
interpretations, policies and procedures of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (?NCAA?)
(including those related to the use of a student-athlete?s name or likeness), and University's
intercollegiate athletic conference, and any other athletic organization with jurisdiction (collectively,
?Athletic Organization Rules?); and (iii) all University Rules. For purposes of this Agreement,
"University Rules? means (i) the Rules and Regulations of the Board of Regents of The University
of Texas System found at http://www.utsystem.edu/board-of-regents/rules; (ji) the policies of The
University of Texas System found at htto://Awww.utsystem.edu/board-of-regents/policy-library ); (iii)
the institutional rules and regulations and policies of University (which may be found at
https://www.uta.edu/policy/procedure); and University's Standards of Conduct Guide, which is
located at http://www.uta.edu/ouc/_downloads/compliance/pdficonduct_quide.pdf.

10.6 Controlling Law: Interpretation. Tarrant County, Texas, will be the proper place of venue for
suit on or in respect of this Agreement. This Agreement and all of the rights and obligations of the
parties to this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement will be construed,
interpreted and applied in accordance with and governed by and enforced under the laws of the State
of Texas. No provision of this Agreement will be construed against or interpreted to the
disadvantage of any party by any court or other govemmmental or judicial authority by reason of that
party having or being deemed to have drafted, structured or dictated such provision.
