Attachment 1

SPONSORSHIP RECOGNITION & GUIDELINES

The following Sponsorship Recognition is planned for every Contract Year of the Agreement starting with
the Effective Date and running until the Expiration Date, unless noted to the contrary herein, and may be
changed by mutual written consent.

1. Specific Recognition

1.1.

1.2.

Sponsor Designation

4.1.1.

Sponsor may incorporate the designation ?Official/Exclusive Credit Union of The
University of Texas at Arlington Intercollegiate Athletics? in banners.
announcements, logos, products and other material used in connection with this
Agreement.

Promotions

1.2.1.

1.2.2.

1.2.3.

1.2.4.

1.2.5.

Sponsor will receive Six (6) public address announcements during every regular
season home men's & women's basketball game which includes exposure on
scoreboard, LED ribbon board, & LED courtside rotational signage.

Sponsor will receive two (2) public address announcements during every regular
season home baseball & softball game.

Sponsor will be the presenting partner of one (1) video board feature for every
regular season home basketball game which includes exposure on scoreboard,
LED ribbon board, & LED courtside rotational signage during the designated
feature. Specific details and manner of execution will be mutually agreed upon with
Licensee having final approval.

Sponsor will be the presenting partner of two (2) video board features for every
regular season home volleyball game which includes exposure on scoreboard,
LED ribbon board, & LED courtside rotational signage during the designated
feature. Specific details and manner of execution will be mutually agreed upon with
Licensee having final approval.

Sponsor will be a presenting partner of one (1) volleyball game. Specific date of
the game is to be mutually agreed upon between Sponsor and Licensee. This
game sponsorship will include, but is not limited to, the following opportunities:

* Tag in all marketing materials for the game.

? Two (2) in-game announcements, one (1) in-game promotion, & one (1) on-
court recognition.

One (1) minutes of logo exposure on the LED Courtside Rotational & LED
Ribbon Board.

Exposure within the advertising loop on the in-house TV Monitors.

Fifty (50) group tickets located in the lower level.

Table on concourse for entire game.

Live mention & taped interview during radio or online broadcast.

Opportunity to provide a pre-approved, co-branded premium item to fans as
they enter the arena and/or a coupon to fans as the exit after the game.
