1.3,

1.4.

1.2.15, Texas Trust Credit Union will be the Title Sponsor of the UTA All Sports Banquet.

1.2.16. Licensee will have final approval of all artwork and copy submitted. Sponsor is
responsible for providing all promotional items/materials discussed herein for
distribution.

1.2.17. Licensee, at its sole discretion, will determine specific placement within games.
Traffic Driving

1.3.1. Texas Trust Credit Union will have the opportunity to offer a co-branded
promotion to drive traffic to Texas Trust area locations. UT Arlington will
coordinate with Texas Trust to promote the offer, with no additional costs,
through various UT Arlington Athletic channels.

1.4.1. Sponsor will receive five (5) minutes of logo exposure on LED Courtside Rotational!
signage & LED Ribbon Board signage for every regular season home basketball
and volleyball game.

1.4.2. Sponsor will receive one (1) minute of exposure within the advertising loop on the
In-House TV Monitors for every regular season home basketball and volleyball
game.
e The loop rotates between partners & Athletics Department advertisements

throughout the entirety of the game.

e Sponsor acknowledges that the content for all suite & club TV Monitors are

controlled by the suite and club holders and may not always display Sponsor's
content.

1.4.3. Sponsor will receive a minimum of three (3) thirty second (:30) commercial
presentations on the Central Video Board located within the College Park
Center during all home UT Arlington Men's Basketball, Women's Basketball,
and Volleyball regular season games, location to be mutually agreeable.

1.4.4. Texas Trust Credit Union will receive a minimum of six (6) digital logo
displays, with animation if preferred by company, on the Central Video Board
during all home regular season UT Arlington Basketball and Volleyball
games, location to be mutually agreed upon.

1.4.5. Texas Trust Credit Union will receive rotating logo placement on all College
Park Center television monitors located throughout the concourse level,
hospitality suites, and box office entrance.

1.4.6. Sponsor will receive one (1) sign located on the outfield wall of Allan Sax Field.
Sign will be no larger than twelve feet (12') wide by six feet (6?) tall.

1.4.7. Sponsor will receive one (1) sign located on the back of the Clay Gould Ballpark
scoreboard. The size of the sign will be mutually agreed upon by UTA and Texas
Trust.

1.4.8. Sponsor will receive one (1) sign located on the front of the Allan Sax Field
scoreboard.
