1.2.6.

1.2.7.

1.2.10.

1.2.11.

1.2.12.

1.2.13.

1.2.14.

Sponsor will be a presenting partner of two (2) regular season basketball games
Specific date of the game is to be mutually agreed upon between Sponsor and
Licensee. This game sponsorship will include, but is not limited to, the following
opportunities:

* = Tag in all marketing materials for the game.

e One (1) minute of logo exposure on the LED Courtside Rotational & LED
Ribbon Board.

Exposure within the advertising loop on the in-house TV Monitors.

Fifty (50) group tickets located in the lower level.

Eight (8) tickets in the hospitality suite.

Table on concourse for entire game.

Live mention & taped interview during radio or online broadcast.

Opportunity to provide a pre-approved, co-branded premium item to fans as
they enter the arena and/or a coupon to fans as they exit after the game.

Sponsor will be a presenting partner of one (1) regular season baseball game.
Specific date of the game is to be mutually agreed upon between Sponsor and
Licensee. This game sponsorship will include, but is not limited to, the following
opportunities:

Tag in all marketing materials for the game.

Two (2) in-game announcements & one (1) in-game promotion.

One (1) representative of sponsor included in ceremonial first pitch.

Fifty (50) group tickets.

Table on concourse for entire game.

Live mention & taped interview during online broadcast.

Opportunity to provide a pre-approved, co-branded premium item to fans as
they enter the arena and/or a coupon to fans as the exit after the game.

Sponsor will receive three (3) thirty second (:30) commercial spots during every
regular season home basketball and volleyball game which includes exposure on
scoreboard, LED ribbon board, & LED courtside rotational signage during the
designated feature.

Sponsor will receive one (1) in-game promotion during every regular season home
basketball game which includes exposure on scoreboard, LED ribbon board, &
LED courtside rotational signage.

Sponsor will receive one (1) on-court pramotion during the final regular season
home basketball game which includes exposure on scoreboard, LED ribbon board,
& LED courtside rotational signage.

Sponsor will receive one (1) in-game promotion during every regular season home
baseball & softball game.

Sponsor will receive one (1) additional season long promotion of their choice. The
details of this promotion needs to be mutually agreed upon by Sponsor and
Licensee.

Sponsor will receive onsite tabling opportunity at fifteen (15) regular season home
basketball games.

Sponsor will receive an onsite display at thirteen (13) regular season home
volleyball games. UTA Marketing will hand out Texas Trust Banners and other
Texas Trust promotional items.
