6.1.3. Business Auto Liability Insurance covering all owned, non-owned or hired
automobiles, with coverage for at least $1,000,000 Combined Single Limit Bodily Injury
and Property Damage;

6.1.4 Media Liability Insurance with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per claim. This
type of errors and omissions liability coverage is designed for media related firms. The
coverage offered in the Commercial General Liability for Personal & Advertising Injury
specifically excludes professionals in marketing and advertising.

6.2 Contractor will deliver to University:

6.2.1 Evidence satisfactory to Licensee in its sole discretion, evidencing the existence
of all insurance after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the
performance or continued performance of any rights granted to Sponsor or services to be
performed by Sponsor under this Agreement.

6.2.2 Additional evidence, satisfactory to Licensee in its sole discretion, of the continued
existence of all insurance not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of any
insurance. Insurance policies, with the exception of Workers? Compensation and
Employer's Liability, will be endorsed and name Licensee and University as Additional
Insureds. All policies will be endorsed to provide a waiver of subrogation in favor of
Licensee and University. All policies with the exception of Workers? Compensation and
Employer's Liability will be endorsed to provide primary and non-contributory coverage.
Sponsor will endorse policies to require their insurance carrier to notify Licensee of
cancellation, materia! change, or non-renewal of insurance prior to expiration.

6.3 The insurance policies required in this Agreement will be kept in force for the Term.
Indemnity.

7A Sponsor Indemnity. Sponsor will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensee,
University and their officers, employees, and contractors from all claims, damages, causes of
action, and judgments that directly or indirectly result: (i} from free promotional products or free
samples of Sponsor's goods distributed pursuant to this Agreement; (ii} from the intentional or
negligent acts or omissions of Sponsor, its officers, employees, agents, invitees or contractors while
directly engaged in any activity or in preparation for engaging in any activity authorized by this
Agreement; (iii) from a breach or default by Sponsor of the representations, warranties or other
obligations under this Agreement; (iv) from any contest and/or promation conducted by Sponsor in
connection with this Agreement; and/or (v) from any Sponsorship Recognition Materials prepared
by Sponsor, including any claims or liabilities for libel, stander, illegal or unfair competition or trade
practices; infringement of trademarks, trade names or logos of third parties or University (other than
University Marks); violations of rights of privacy, publicity, infringements of copyrights or music
performance rights and/or other proprietary rights; or advertisements which are otherwise contrary
to law.

72 Licensee Indemnity. Licensee will indemnify, defend and hald harmless Sponsor and its
officers, employees, and contractors from all claims, damages, causes of action, and judgments
for the injury or death of any person or damage to property that directly or indirectly result: (i) from
the intentional or negligent acts or omissions of Licensee, its officers, employees, agents, or
contractors while directly engaged in any activity or in preparation for engaging in any activity
authorized by or required under this Agreement; (ii) from a breach or default by Licensee of the
representations, warranties or other obligations under this Agreement; and/or (iii) from any
approved use of University Marks as well as any advertisement prepared by Licensee for Sponsor,
including any claims or liabilities for libel, slander, illegal or unfair competition or trade practices;
infringement of trademarks, trade names or logos; violations of rights of privacy, publicity,
