1.7.

1.8.

1.6.7.

1.6.8.

1.6.9.

impressions. The specific details and timing of the campaign are to be mutually
agreed upon with Licensee having final approval.

Sponsor will receive a display ad within nine (9) email blasts from Athletics

Department to their The Pursuit database.

e The Ad will contain a web link to Sponsor's website.

e The dates for the e-mail blast will be mutually discussed between Licensee
and Sponsor with Licensee having final approval.

Initial copy for all online or email display ads and/or social posts will be subject to
Sponsor and Licensee approval prior to display and shall be produced at the
Sponsor's expense. Licensee has final approval on all artwork submitted.

Exact ad specifications and placement for all online or email display ads are
subject to Licensee approval, must comply with the terms and conditions of
University's existing policy on website solicitations and The University of Texas
System (?UT System?) Policy UTS122 "Guidelines for Web Site Solicitations,? and
other applicable laws regulations or other legal requirements, including but not
limited to, those regarding website accessibility for those with disabilities.

Tax Liability. The Sponsorship Payment is intended to be a qualified sponsorship
payment as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. Sponsor acknowledges that the
issue of tax liability as a result of entering into this Agreement is an important
concern to University. If the Sponsor Logo is hyperlinked from University?s website
to a website maintained by or for Sponsor and creates unrelated business taxable
income for University, then University will display Sponsor?s company logo on its
website for the remainder of the Term but will sever the hyperlink to the Sponsor
URL.

Removal of Sponsor Logo Posting. In the unlikely event University determines in
its reasonable and good faith opinion that circumstances have changed or if new
matters are discovered involving the Sponsor or its officers or directors, University,

?in its sole discretion, may remove the Sponsor's company logo and sever the

hyperlink to the Sponsor URL, if the continuation of displaying the company logo
would adversely impact the reputation, image, mission or integrity of University or
UT System. Neither University nor UT System will have any further obligation or
liability to Sponsor other than to reimburse Sponsor a prorated portion of the
Sponsorship Payment for the services not received.

Print Materials

1.7.1.

1.7.2.

1.7.3,

Sponsor will receive a full page, color ad within the basketball gameday program
distributed at each regular season home game.

Sponsor will provide Licensee with camera-ready art for these advertisements prior
to deadlines set by Licensee. Licensee will have final approval of all artwork
submitted.

Licensee will have sole discretion on location of ads, unless otherwise stated.

Alumni Outreach

1.8.1.

Texas Trust will have the opportunity to distribute at least one (1) approved
promotional massage each month to the UT Arlington Athletics Alumni
database throughout the course of each year. UT Arlington Athletics, Texas
Trust, and Learfield ? IMG College will coordinate on the content of this
