Credit Union agrees to pay Organization seven and one half percent (7.5%) of all interest
income generated from the Program after losses and expenses have been deducted.
There will be no cap to the amount of income earned by the Organization.

Payments shall be made quarterly to an account designated by the Organization. Credit
Union may change method and timing of payment at its discretion.

10. All amounts in this agreement shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. Organization is responsible

for any taxes payable on the amount of your rewards / income.

OBLIGATIONS OF ORGANIZATION

1.

You agree to provide a link from your website to the hosted website to allow your
members to obtain information about the Program and to apply for cards.

Organization should make a reasonable effort to promote the Program to your
members only and not to applicants who do not qualify for Credit Union membership.
You also agree to maintain an image banner containing a URL link about the Program
during the duration of the contract.

The Credit Union shall own the account. The Organization will not be considered a
creditor. You shall have no rights to member accounts and no data will be shared.

Organization to provide necessary content needed by the Credit Union to offer the
Program during the term.

Organization should only use Credit Union authorized material in connection with
Program.

Organization will acknowledge and agree not to contact members who have submitted
applications.

Organization will not market to non members who are not qualified to join the Credit
Union.

Organization agrees that Organization content does not include;

a. Trade names, logos, or other identifiable material of competitors of the Credit
Union

Political statements

Advertisement of intellectual property the Organization does not own
Branded products, other than those licensed and owned by Organization

Any copyright image, other than those licensed and owned by Organization
Any trademark, other than those licensed and owned by Organization

?oaoe
