DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

those provided for herein.
9.8 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

9.9 Nothing herein is intended to limit University?s compliance with the Virginia Freedom of Information
Act.

ARTICLE 10. Indemnity; Limitation of Liability

10.1 Intentionally omitted.

(b) VACU hereby agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless University and their
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives from and against any and
all liability, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, demands, fees, costs, and expenses (including rea-
sonable attorney fees) to the extent that the same are the result of the negligence or willful misconduct of
VACU, it agents, employees or representatives, or arising out of the performance or non-performance by
VACU of its obligations under this Agreement. Upon becoming aware of a claim or potential claim covered
by this indemnification provision, University shall promptly notify VACU thereof in writing. VACU shall,
at all times, have sole control over the defense, negotiation, settlement, and appeal strategy of any claim or
suit in accordance with Va. Code Section 2.20514. University shall be entitled to participate in the defense
of such claim or suit with separate counsel, but at University's own expense. VACU shall cause University
to be kept fully apprised of all material developments in the defense of any such claim or suit.

10.2 University shall have no liability to VACU or any Accountholder for any of the operating or
credit functions of the Member Accounts, including any responsibility for Accountholder delinquency or
Accountholder disputes with VACU.

10.3 University is an agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia and is afforded the protection of
sovereign immunity under Virginia law. Any claims against University or the Commonwealth are subject
to the requirements established under Virginia law for bringing such claims against University or the Com-
monwealth, including the Virginia Tort Claims Act (Va. Code ?? 8.01-195.1 et seq.) and other applicable
statutes relating to claims against the Commonwealth or its agencies. Notwithstanding any other provision,
nothing in this contract shall be deemed to be or construed as a waiver of University?s or the Common-
wealth?s sovereign immunity, or any other applicable requirements under Virginia law for bringing claims
against University or the Commonwealth.

10. 4 The parties agree that the provisions of this Article 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 11. Exclusive Provider

During the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, University agrees that VACU
will be the exclusive provider of the Credit Card to their respective Accountholders and potential Ac-
countholders. University agrees that during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement,
VACU shall have the exclusive right to use University?s Licensed Trademarks for use on debit and credit
cards for the Office of Development and Alumni Affairs. The University on behalf of the Office of Devel-
opment and Alumni Affairs will not enter into any agreements which will be effective prior to the termina-
tion of this Agreement with any other person or company to offer, or make available, to any existing or

10
