DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

1.5 University understands and agrees that the terms and conditions of any credit relationship be-
tween the Accountholders and VACU will be governed by a Cardholder Agreement.

1.6 University understands and agrees that VACU may from time-to-time during the Initial Term
or any Renewal Term of this Agreement use third-party service providers to undertake, fulfill or complete
its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. It is further understood and agreed that any such third-party
service providers must agree to protect the Confidential Information and Confidential Customer Infor-
mation entrusted to it, either by separate confidentiality agreement or as a part of a service contract.

ARTICLE 2. Acknowledgments, Representations and Agreements

2.1 University represents that it has the authority to utilize the Licensed Trademarks as hereafter
described in Article 7 and that it presently has the exclusive authority to authorize the use of each of such
Licensed Trademarks for the uses and purposes contemplated by this Agreement; further, University rep-
resents that VACU may regard this representation as a continuing representation by University of its ex-
clusive authority to authorize the use of each Licensed Trademark throughout the Initial Term and any
Renewal Term of this Agreement, including Licensed Trademarks developed or created by University dur-
ing the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement. University agrees to provide, if requested,
written evidence, satisfactory to VACU, of the authority to authorize the use of such trademarks as Univer-
sity intends to use in conjunction with the Credit Card and of any trademark rights notices required when
such trademarks are used.

2.2 University represents that the use of any of the Licensed Trademarks by VACU as authorized
herein by the University will not infringe upon or violate the copyright or any other proprietary interest of
any third party.

2.3 University represents that disclosure by University to VACU of confidential or non-confidential
information in its files pertaining to University Members will not violate any law, regulation, restriction or
contractual prohibition against disclosure by University of such information. University further acknowl-
edges and agrees that it is authorized to disclose and make available to VACU such member information,
including but not limited to, names and addresses for the uses and purposes contemplated herein.

2.4 University agrees that VACU is, by the terms of this Agreement, authorized and permitted to
use approved, specified University Licensed Trademarks for credit and debit cards in order to provide the
Credit Card and any Enhancements thereto and for no other purposes except as provided in this Agreement.
VACU agrees that it will obtain prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed, from University for the specific use of each respective University Licensed Trade-
marks on the Credit Card and any Enhancements. University shall have the right to inspect the quality of
goods and services provided under its mark and the right to inspect samples of how the trademark is used
to assure that the quality of goods and services provided under that University Licensed Trademarks is in
accordance with the usage previously approved by University pursuant to this paragraph, and in accordance
with University industry quality standards. VACU agrees to cooperate with University in facilitating Uni-
versity's control of the nature and quality of goods and services provided under the University Licensed
Trademarks.

2.5 VACU and University each warrant and represent that as of the date hereof and during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement:
