DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT

THIS AFFINITY CARD ROYALTY AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of
Marek q, 2020 __ (the ?Effective Date?), by and between Vir-

ginia Commonwealth University ("University"), an institution of higher education, organized under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and Virginia Credit Union ("VACU"), a Virginia based Credit

Union ("Agreement").

WHEREAS, University and VACU desire to make available to the University's community
(alumni, employees, friends, officers and staff), (hereinafter referred to collectively as ?Members?), a Mas-
terCard credit card and other financial services upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, University and VACU desire that the marketing plans for the MasterCard credit card
using University?s Licensed Trademarks to be developed by the parties as hereinafter set forth will accom-
plish the respective goals of the parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed by the parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE 1. Services

1.1 VACU shall open revolving credit accounts ("Member Accounts" or ?Credit Card Accounts?)
and issue MasterCard Credit Cards ("Credit Card") to individual Members of University whose applications
have been solicited under the terms of this Agreement and whose credit has been approved by VACU
(individually, an ?Accountholder? and collectively "Accountholders"). The Credit Card shall be issued in
accordance with the specifications generally described in Attachment "A" and as developed during the
Initial Term and any Renewal Term of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that VACU will not
solicit, nor is it under any obligation to accept or approve, individuals who reside outside of the United
States of America or in states within the United States of America which have, or may have during the
Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, laws limiting, hindering or detrimentally affecting
the solicitation of credit card accounts or the terms and conditions thereof or limitations on the provision of
other financial services, all as determined by VACU in its sole discretion.

1.2 VACU?s standard consumer credit card issuance and administration policies and procedures
and its credit, fraud, and collection practices shall be established, implemented, and administered by VACU
in its sole discretion, and may be modified from time to time. VACU shall make all credit risk management
decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Accountholder, independently of University.
Without limitation of the foregoing, VACU shall have sole discretion to determine: which, if any, Credit
Card shall be issued to a Member; all credit limit assignments and adjustments with respect to any Ac-
countholder; whether to terminate, suspend, or reactivate credit privileges for any Accountholder; and the
manner and method of collections to be pursued against any Accountholder.

1.3 The Credit Card shall be customized to include, as provided in this Agreement, University?s
Licensed Trademarks for cards marketed to University Members as the parties may jointly agree in writing
to utilize them on said cards from time-to-time.

1.4 VACU agrees that all uses of University?s Licensed Trademarks on the Credit Card will bear
proprietary trademark rights notices of University as University may reasonably direct.
