DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

a. it has and shall have the rights and power to enter into and perform all its obligations under this
Agreement;

b. its proposed activities hereunder do not and shall not infringe any laws, regulations or other
applicable codes of practice or procedural or regulatory requirements or the rights of any third party; and

c. it holds and shall hold any and all necessary licenses required under, and has otherwise complied
and shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable statutes, laws and regula-
tions applicable to the arrangements contemplated by this Agreement.

2.6 VACU acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and accuracy of
all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to VACU or its associates, or
their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by VACU or with its prior
written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or editorials, or
otherwise.

2.7 University acknowledges and agrees that certain federal and state consumer protection laws
and regulations prohibit, restrict or limit the solicitation or issuance of consumer credit cards to students,
underage persons and others (collectively, the ?Protected Consumers?) as described in those laws and im-
plementing regulations. University further acknowledges and agrees that no Protected Consumers are, or
are intended to be, included in the group identified herein as Members who may be identified or solicited
to apply for a consumer credit card under this Agreement. University agrees it will not knowingly provide
to VACU the names of any such Protected Consumers under this Agreement and University agrees it will
not, in any way, solicit or promote the Credit Card to any such Protected Consumers; however, such solic-
itation and promotion is not intended to include general promotional, informational or advertising materials
directed at or available to University Members as a whole. As such, University acknowledges and agrees
that it will at all times comply with the provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act (15 U.S.C.A. ?1601 et seq.),
the Credit Card Accountability and Disclosure Act of 2009 (Pub L. No. 111-24, 123 Stat. 1734 (2009)), the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C.A. 1681 et seq.), and the regulations adopted thereunder, as such acts
or regulations may now exist or as may hereafter be amended, including such provisions for interpretation
and enforcement of such acts and regulations by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (?CEPB?)
or by any state agency enforcing state laws or regulations for the protection of consumers.

2.8 University acknowledges that it shall be solely responsible for ensuring the truth and accuracy
of all statements, warranties and representations of any kind about or relating to University or their associ-
ates, or their business, products or services, made or included, expressly or impliedly, by University or with
its prior written consent, whether in any advertising, solicitation, promotional or publicity materials or ed-
itorials, or otherwise.

2.9 University agrees to notify VACU of any credit-related correspondence received by University
that is intended for VACU (e.g. credit applications, payments, billing inquiries, etc.) within twenty-four
(24) hours of receipt.

2.10 Parties agree that VACU is the sole and exclusive owner of all Credit Card Accounts and
related receivables, Account Agreements, and associated books and records, and all Accountholder indebt-
edness, and shall have all rights and powers with respect thereto as such owner,

ARTICLE 3. Compensation and Reporting

Pe)
