DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

ATTACHMENT ?A?
CREDIT CARD

1. Qualified Members of University will be issued a Credit Card with one or more University Licensed
Trademarks included on the face of the cards, as approved by MasterCard International Incorporated,
as appropriate.

2. Subject to the terms of the Cardholder Agreement, VACU shall make available a card with an interest
rate to be determined at time of credit underwriting based on statistically valid determinants of credit
risk derived during the credit underwriting process. The precise terms and conditions of the Cardholder
Agreement will be consistent with rates and terms offered on other VACU credit card products.

3. All credit decisions, including but not Jimited to the initial approval of accounts, the establishment of
credit lines and the closing of accounts, shall be within the exclusive discretion of VACU.

4. As the grantor of credit, VACU assumes all credit risks and reserves the right to modify pricing set
forth in paragraph 2, above, consistent with its underwriting criteria, prevailing economic and market
forces, and the laws and regulations which apply.

5. The Cardholder Agreement, which governs the terms of credit extension and which is provided to Ac-
countholders at the time of issuance of a Credit Card will reflect the terms provided herein; except
nothing contained herein shall preclude VACU from including in such Cardholder Agreement its stand-
ard contractual terms including, without limitation, those terms relating to liability, default, cancella-
tion, governing law, calculation of finance charge, payment application, surrender and other terms as
appropriate.

6. VACU shall provide MasterCard credit cards with the following characteristics;
A. Essential MasterCard - low rate credit card.

B. Cash Rewards MasterCard - 3% back on Gas, 2% back on Grocery & Dining, and 1% on all
other purchases.

C. Flex Rewards MasterCard - unlimited 2x points on travel, entertainment and dining, and Ix
points on all other purchases; spend-based acquisition bonus; redeem for travel, merchandise, cash, etc.
