DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

affect the University?s ownership of any of the rights in the Licensed Trademarks. VACU understands and
agrees that its use of the Licensed Trademarks shall inure to the University?s exclusive benefit and that
VACU will not acquire any rights by virtue of any use VACU may make of the Licensed Trademarks, other
than as specifically set out in this Agreement.

7.5 VACU agrees that all uses of the Licensed Trademarks shall bear such proprietary trademark
rights notices of University as University may reasonable direct. All rights not specifically granted by
University are reserved.

ARTICLE 8. Proprietary Property

8.1 The parties individually acknowledge and agree that the other party has and owns or uses
certain names, trade names, trademarks, symbols, copyright marks, logos, designs, service marks, signs,
processes, procedures and trade secrets (collectively, the ?Proprietary Property?) at the Effective Date and
that each party may have access to or possession of such Proprietary Property during the Initial Term or a
Renewal Term of this Agreement. Each further acknowledges and agrees that any Proprietary Property
developed by a party during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement shall, at all times be
considered, held and included in the collective definition of Proprietary Property and will be owned by and
remain the Proprietary Property of that party during the term of this Agreement and at all times thereafter.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, each party will at all times, both during and
after the term of this Agreement, retain sole right, title and interest in and to all Proprietary Property created
by it prior to entering into or during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement.

8.2 With respect to the Proprietary Property of the other party, each party agrees: (1) certain por-
tions of the Proprietary Property are confidential and agrees to protect the confidentiality of all such Pro-
prietary Property of the other parties in its possession as Confidential Information; (2) it will not disseminate
any Proprietary Property without the written authorization of the appropriate party except in order to fulfill
its obligations under this Agreement; (3) it will not remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other pro-
prietary rights notice from any materials furnished to it in connection with this Agreement; (4) to promptly
advise the appropriate party in writing of any misappropriation or misuse by any person of any Proprietary
Property that may come to its attention and agrees that it shall reasonably cooperate with that party to regain
possession of any Proprietary Property or prevent the further unauthorized use of such Proprietary Property;
(5) not to use the Proprietary Property for its own use or for any purpose other than to perform the terms of
this Agreement; (6) to include, as appropriate, any and all copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights
notices on material it prepares or uses in conjunction with the Proprietary Property; and (7) upon written
request, to surrender all Proprietary Property in its possession to the appropriate party at the end of the term
of this Agreement without further notice or demand. University and VACU agree that Proprietary Property
to be treated as confidential pursuant to this Article does not include any Proprietary Property which: (a) is
or becomes publicly known or readily ascertainable by the public, through no wrongful act of the other
party; or (b) is disclosed to a third party by the other party without similar restriction.

8.3. Nothing herein is intended to limit University?s compliance with the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act.

ARTICLE 9. Confidentiality.
Part A: Confidential Information

9.1 ?Confidential Information? shall mean any processes, procedures, or business information
8
