DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

3.1 VACU agrees that during the term of this Agreement University shall earn and be paid Com-
pensation in U.S. Dollars (?USD?) in accordance with the rates, terms and provisions contained in Attach-
ment ?B?.

3.2 VACU shall provide University with quarterly statements that set forth in sufficient detail such
information regarding the Credit Card that forms the basis for calculating the amount of Compensation
earned by University according to the rates, terms and provisions of Attachment ?B?.

3.3 VACU shall keep and maintain true, correct, and complete books of account and records re-
garding the Credit Card that form the basis for the calculation of Compensation due to University. Such
records for each calendar year during the term of this Agreement shall be kept and maintained for at least
twelve (12) months after the end of cach such year. University shall have the right, upon written notice to
VACU, at any reasonable time during regular business hours of VACU and at VACU?s offices to examine,
inspect, and audit all such books and records, and all such other papers and files of VACU relating to the
performance of this Agreement, except as is limited or prohibited by law or regulation.

3.4 No Compensation shall be earned by University as of and after the effective date of termination
of this Agreement; provided, however, Compensation earned prior to such termination shall be payable to
University as provided in Attachment ?B?,

3.5 In the event VACU incurs a cost because of a change in University?s Licensed Trademarks (e.g.
cost of reissuing new credit cards), VACU may deduct such costs from the next due annual Compensation
Advance due to University. In the event such costs exceed Compensation Advance due to University in one
year, University shall reimburse VACU for all such costs.

ARTICLE 4. Term of Agreement; Termination Provisions

4,1 The Initial Term of this Agreement shall be for seven (7) years, commencing on the date Credit
Cards are first issued by VACU (the ?Initial Term?). During the Initial Term, the twelve-month period
from the date Credit Cards are first issued by VACU shall be Year 1. Each successive twelve-month period
shall be Years 2 through Year 7.

At the expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, it shall renew for successive one (1) year
periods (each a ?Renewal Term?) upon mutual written agreement of authorized representatives of the par-
ties.

4.2 Regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any Credit Card issued before such termina-
tion may continue to be held and used by Accountholders until the stated expiration date of those credit
cards.

4.3 In the event of termination of this Agreement, all Member Accounts shall remain the exclusive
property of VACU, including its right to future receivables thereon without any obligation on part of VACU
to pay royalties thereon. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the transfer of the Member
Accounts, VACU may thereafter solicit and offer credit card accounts or other financial services to Ac-
countholders. Further, VACU agrees to consider any written offer by University and a US based Master-
Card financial institution credit card issuer to purchase the University Member Accounts from VACU,

4
