DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

whether or not such marketing is contemplated by or undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

6.3 Where appropriate, University shall provide, at its expense, subject to prior approval by VACU,
artwork for card design, statements, applications and other collateral materials specifically associated with
the sales, support, marketing and servicing of the Credit Card for its Members.

6.4 University agrees that if it uses any VACU mark on Credit Card promotional materials it will
do so in accordance with VACU?s brand guidelines which will be provided to the University.

6.4 VACU shall be responsible for all expenses associated with VACU?s Enhancements, except
for those expenses for which University shall be responsible as set forth in this Agreement or for any in-
stance of special actions requested by University, such as special mailings, additional postage, special
printouts or other similar actions, which are not part of VACU?s Routine Operations and not provided for
herein (collectively, ?Special Actions?). ?Routine Operations? is defined herein as those activities per-
formed in the usual conduct of acquiring, issuing, servicing, billing, funding and collecting credit card
loans. University shall reimburse VACU for the direct costs of any such Special Actions requested by
University and if requested by VACU, University shall deposit an amount reasonably requested by VACU,
in advance, to cover such anticipated direct costs.

ARTICLE 7. University Licensed Trademarks

7.1 University?s ?Licensed Trademarks? means Trademarks (if any) consisting of designs, images,
visual representations, logos depicting the name or likeness of University provided to VACU by University
for licensing in the United States of America in relation to credit card and financial services programs.
Such Licensed Trademarks for University are those identified on Attachment C, and as may be modified in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and are incorporated by reference herein and shall constitute
part of this Agreement.

7.2 University shall provide at least two distinct designs containing Licensed Trademarks for use
as card art on the Credit Cards.

7.3 All art for the program material, including cards, advertising or solicitation materials, which
contain one or more Licensed Trademarks must be provided by University for use with solicitations of its
Members. University will provide such art at no charge to meet the reasonable requirements of VACU
hereunder. All art which University provides to VACU, in whatever media and for whatever purpose, shall
be promptly returned to University upon the request of University, except for art reasonably required for
authorized current production of cards or advertising or solicitation materials. WACU acknowledges that
all such art is proprietary to University, may only be used for VACU's authorized activities under this
Agreement, and VACU agrees that such art shall not be delivered to or made available for use by any third
party, unless such third party is required to assist VACU in the fulfilling of its obligations under this Agree-
ment.

7.4 Upon termination of this Agreement, VACU shall cease to use the University Licensed Trade-
marks. VACU agrees that upon such termination it will not claim any right, title, or interest in or to the
University?s Licensed Trademarks. Upon termination of this Agreement, University shall not attempt to
cause the removal of the University?s identification or Licensed Trademarks from any person's credit de-
vices or records of any customer existing as of the effective date of termination of this Agreement. VACU
agrees that it will not seek or obtain any trademark or other protection or take any other action, which might

7
