DocuSign Envelope ID: FABADD03-A187-41A4-9C11-B9B7937CB3AF

potential Accountholders any charge card or open revolving credit card accounts, nor enter into any agree-
ment with any other company which is in the nature of a royalty payment agreement for the marketing or
solicitation of charge card or revolving credit card accounts.

ARTICLE 12. Notices

Except for invoices and billing related communications, any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder by a party to another party shall be in writing, shall be deemed given and effective when:
(a) hand delivered; (b) three (3) Business Days following deposit if sent by first class or certified United
States mail, postage prepaid, or (c) one (1) Business Day following deposit with any recognized overnight
courier that produces written evidence of delivery, addressed as follows:

(a) To University at:
Virginia Commonwealth University
Office of Alumni Relations
111N. 4th Street
Richmond, VA. 23219
Attention: Booth Greene

(b) To VACU at:

Virginia Credit Union

7500 Boulder View Drive
North Chesterfield, VA 23225
Attention: Joe Lovasz

or at any other address that may be given by one party to the other parties by notice pursuant to this Article.
ARTICLE 13. Business Day

The term ?Business Day? means a day on which commercial banks are open in the Commonwealth
of Virginia.

ARTICLE 14. Force Majeure

Any party?s delay in, or failure of, performance under this Agreement shall be excused where such
delay or failure is caused by an act of nature, fire, or other catastrophe, enemy, hostile governmental or
terrorist action, electrical, computer software or mechanical failure, work stoppage, delays or failure to act
of any carrier or agent, direction or effect of an order from a court or government agency or body, or any
other such cause beyond a party?s direct control. Any party seeking to be excused for a delay in performing
any obligation due to force majeure must promptly notify the other parties of the same, exercise reasonable
efforts to minimize the delay in performing such obligation, and to keep the other party regularly apprised
of its efforts and expected resolution of the cause for the delay.

ARTICLE 15. Assignment

This Agreement may not be assigned by a party without prior written consent of the other parties;
provided, however, such consent shall not be required in the event this Agreement, or any rights or obliga-
tions hereunder, is assigned by a party to a person or entity which is an Affiliate of that party; provided,

11
