?

@?

TV.

(a)

@?)

(a)

Agreement-and shall-not-be-subject-to.this-A greement, provided,.however,.that CU will not.use.this separate...
information in a manner that would imply an endorsement by WSUAA,

CU may utilize the services of any third party in fulfilling its obligations under this agreement, provided that CU
shall remain bound by this Agreement as to all such obligations,

CU shall provide marketing copy and graphics for WSUAA's use in promoting the Program on Facebook,
Twitter, and other online social networking in which WSUAA participates.

REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES

WSUAA and CU each represents and warrants to the other that as of the Effective Date and throughout the term
of this Agreement:

(1) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing.

(2) It has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.

(3) This agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such
party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors? rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(4) No consent, approval, or authorization from any third party is required in connection with the execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained and are in full
force and effect.

(5) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by such party will not constitute a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, court order, or ruling applicable to such party,

(6) It shall comply with all applicable Jaws and regulations in performance of all its duties and obligations
under this Agreement.

WSUAA represents and warrants to CU as of the date hereof and throughout the teri of this Agreement that it
has the right and power to license the Licensed Trademarks to CU for use as contemplated by this Agreement,
WSUAA will indemnify and hold CU, its directors, officers, agents, employees, affiliates, successors, and assigns
harmless against all liability, causes of action and claims, and will reimburse CU?s reasonable and actual costs in
connection therewith, arising from the Licensed Trademark license granted herein or from CU?s use of the
Licensed Trademarks in reliance thereon. Each party shall promptly notify the other party in the manner provided
herein upon learning of any claims or complaints relating to such license or the use of any Licensed Trademarks.

ROYALTIES
During the term of this Agreement, CU shali pay Royalties to WSUAA as set forth in Schedule B. Except as

otherwise provided in Schedule B, payment of Royalties then due shall be made within forty-five (45) days after
the end of each calendar quarter.
