(b)-~----On-or-after- the-forty-fifth (45?) day after the-end-of each-calendar-quarter-during-the-term-of-the-Agreement, CU
will provide WSUAA with a statement showing the number of Credit Card Accounts opened and the retail
purchase dollar volume (excluding those transactions that relate to refunds, returns, and unauthorized i
transactions), made during the preceding calendar period.

VI. PROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS

A summary of the current features of the Program are set forth in Schedule A (which is hereby incorporated by reference).
CU reserves the right to make periodic adjustments fo the Program and its terms and features including, without
limitation, all terms and conditions of ail Credit Card Accounts. If CU wishes to provide any Financial Service Product as
part of the Program for which no Royalties are specified in Schedule A, CU shall not commence to provide such new
Financial Service Products until Schedule B has been amended by mutual agreement of CU and WSUAA to provide for
Royalties related to such Financial Service Products.

VIL CONFIDENTIALITY OF AGREEMENT

The terms of this Agreement, the Licensed Lists, and any proposal, financial information, and proprietary information
provided by or on behalf of one party to the other party prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to, the execution
of this Agreement (?Information?) are confidential as of the date of disclosure. Such Information will not be disclosed by
such other party to any other person or entity, except as permitted under this Agreement or as mutually agreed in writing.
CU and WSUAA shall be permitted to disclose such Information (4) to the accountants, legal, financial, and marketing
advisors, and employees as necessary for the performance of their respective duties, provided that said persons agree to
treat the Information as confidential in the above-described manner; and (ii) as required by law or by any governmental
regulatory authority.

Pursuant to Federal Law and Regulation, any Information provided to either party is provided only to allow them to
perform the services necessary under this Agreement, to process and/or service a transaction, or as required by Federal
and/or State Law and/or Regulation. Once such Information is received by either party, whether it is directly or indirectly
through an affillate, the party may not disclose it to any person that is not affillated with either the CU or WSUAA, unless
the disclosure would be lawful if made directly by the disclosing party.

The parties agree to restrict access to all Information received to employees who need to know this Information to provide
products or services pursuant tc this Agreement. The parties agree to maintain physical, electronic and procedural
safeguards that comply with federal regulations or take any other appropriate measures to guard nonpublic personal
Information to protect the confidentiality and security of the Information shared pursuant to this Agreement. The parties
shail ensure that any non-affiliated third party in receipt of this Information will be bound by a written agreement
containing provisions substantially similar to those contained in this Agreement. The parties agree to promptly notify one
another in the event either is under the reasonable belief that the integrity of the confidentiality of this Information has
been compromised.

VIIL TERMS OF AGREEMENT

The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
This Agreement will automatically extend at the end of the initial term or any renewal term for successive five-year
periods, unless either party gives written notice of its intention not fo renew at least ninety (90) days, but not more than
one hundred eighty (180) days, prior to the last date of such term or renewal term, as applicable.
