governmental -authority.in-connection with performance. of this Agreement, (b).the willful misconduct or negligence of
Indemnitor, its officers, employees and agents, and (c) any breach by Indemnitor, its officers, employees or agents of any
term, condition, warranty, representation or any other portion of this Agreement. Indemnitor?s duties as set forth in this
paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.

XII.

(a)

(b)
()

(d)

(e)

0)

MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement cannot be amended except by written agreement signed by the authorized agents of both parties
hereto,

The obligations in Sections 1V, VII, X(c), X(d), and XI shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

The failure of any party to exercise auy rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or
any other rights. Waiver by either party of any breach or default by the other party of the terms of this Agreement
shall not be deemed to nor shall the same constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default by the other

party.

The section captions are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as part of this
Agreement.

If any part of this Agreement shail for any reason be found or held invalid or unenforceable by any court or
governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder
of this Agreement which shall survive and be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable part had not been
contained herein.

All notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (2 upon receipt by hand

delivery, facsimile, or overnight carrier, or (1D) three (3) business days after mailing by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested. All notices shall be addressed as follows:

(1) If to Wright State University Alumni Association:
Wright State University
Office of Alumni Relations
360 Colonel Glenn Highway
Dayton, OH 45435-0001

ATTENTION: Greg Sharer, Executive Director

(2) If to Wright-Patt Credit Union:
Wright-Patt Credit Union
2455 Executive Park Blvd,
Fairborn, OH 45324
ATTENTION: Bric Bugger, Vice President Consumer Lending

Any party may change the address to which communications are to be sent by giving notice, as provided herein,
of such change of address.
