()

@
@

i.
(a)
6)

(?)

i)

@)

{4 -applications,-payments,-billing.inquiries,.ete.) shall be forwarded to, the.CU_account.executive within, 24

hours.

WSUAA hereby grants CU and its affiliates a limited, exclusive license to use the Trademarks solely in
conjunction with the Program, including the promotion thereof. This license shall be transferred upon assignment
of this Agreement. This license shall remain in effect for the duration of this Agreement and shall apply to the
Trademarks, notwithstanding the transfer of such Trademarks by operation of law or otherwise to any permitted
successor, corporation, organization or individual, Nothing in this Agreement prohibits WSUAA from granting to
other persons a license to use the Licensed Trademarks in conjunction with the provision of any other service or
product except for any Financial Service Products.

WSUAA shall make program materials available at member events.

WSUAA shall ensure a link (using a graphic link mutually acceptable to CU and WSUAA) ta CU's web page
promoting the Program shall be placed and maintained in a prominent location on the web site of WSUAA,

WSUAA?s official web site will provide a hyperlink and acknowledgement of alumni benefits offered through
CU.

Annually, WSUAA will provide CU with a list of events that CU can choose to sponsor and provide CU with first

right of refusal to sponsor any event where sponsorship is still available. The details of events will be provided at
a later date, once confirmed. The CU may elect to choose one or more events, upon agreement of both parties.

RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITES OF CU

CU shall design, develop, and administer the Program for the Members.

CU shall design all advertising, solicitation, and promotional materials with regard to the Program. CU reserves
the right of prior written approval of the scope, timing, and content of advertising and solicitation materials
concerning or related to CU or the Program which may be developed by or on behalf of WSUAA.

CU shall bear all costs of producing and mailing all advertising, solicitation and promotional materials, initiated
by CU, for the Program. Costs from any production or mailing of advertising, solicitation and promotional
materials initiated by WSUAA will be the responsibility of WSUAA, unless other arrangements have been agreed
to by CU.

CU shall make all credit decisions and shall bear all credit risks with respect to each Customer's account{s)
independently of WSUAA. CU shall make all decisions regarding any Credit Card Accounts, including, but not
limited to, the rates, terms, approval, termination and all other matters related to such Credit Union Accounts.

CU shall use the Licensed Lists provided pursuant fo this Agreement consistent with this Agreement and shall not
permit any persons or entities handling these Licensed Lists to use them for any other purpose. CU shall have the
sole right to designate Members on these Licensed Lists to whom promotional material will or will not be sent.
These Licensed Lists are and shall remain the sole property of WSUAA, However, CU may maintain separately
all information which it obtains from any person on any Licensed List as a result of an account/credit/membership
relationship or an application for an account/credit/membership relationship; such separate information becomes a
part of CU?s own files and shall not be considered Confidential Information pursuant to Section VII of this
